7.38 - Middle men move farm produce around so that farmers get a fair price - LoL.
Sir please make a video on how BJP bhakts are trying to manipulate others in supporting BJP in elections. I have a picture where a poster is put on the main our religious temple saying, "Praja kabi Ram Bhagwan ke raaj me khushi nai hui to Modi ke raj me kaise khush ho sakti hai?"  Not cool. 
Stand with Farmers 
More than the leaders, these ordinary farmers are the real flag-bearers of Indian democracy today. They are the real heroes of the moment. Salute
You have no clue about the farm laws. They end the stranglehold of brokers and rich farmers on mandi system which ruins and drives small farmers out of business. The middlemen not only aggregate the produce from small farmers but also consume the benefits of Minimum Support Prices. If 600 million people were protesting, India would cease to exist. The figure is more likely between 1 to 5 million but due to highly aggressive tactics and foreign support their protests look larger than they are. The situation is complicated by India's enemy, Pakistan, providing support to mindless morons who have forgotten the horrors of 1947 endured by their forefathers. EXCEPT IN PUNJAB, FEW PARTS OF HARYANA AND  WESTERN UP, THERE ARE NO PROTESTS ANYWHERE ELSE IN INDIA. Infact the silent majority are enjoying the freedom ushered in by the farm laws but shamelessly choose not to demonstrate their support for them.
What MSP ? APMC system is so rotten here that i sold rice this year for 12.5 paisa per kilo. Guess my state name ?
Trevor, well said that nobody on earth is more patient than a farmer. 
Thanks a lot sir for making vedio for the farmers  as the government is doing nothing for the farmers specially in punjab they took all river water of punjab punjab is currently using underground water for agriculture the river water is quite sufficient for agriculture as well as for other purposes the give whole water to other states like Rajasthan Haryana for free of cost and among which Rajasthan is a deserted area that waste a lot of water nowadays they have to return the water of punjab for the farmer of punjab otherwise punjab will also convert into desert like Rajasthan as all know underground water level is now available for few years 
Guessing this without watching it, he says it's really bad, all farmers gonna go bankrupt, Ambani will take over farming.
Opposition party ko farmers ke liye hi sympathy hai
This will be a win for bjp if they just not let INC show it as their victory.
Modi run media labeled these protester as Khalistani, Maoist, Pak China backed and anti national and now modi decided to repeal these laws with apology .  This clown will be remembered and this great protest will also be remembered in history.
A supreme court panel member too has said that by doing so PM Modi kept politics above than farmer's welfare. Anyway, if the protests end right now, Tikait's political ambitions will collapse.
You think chuni he is your servant. Your chittar will be red you try touching Modiji
correct but farmers are appealing to take back pollution law is that correct?
I request the Zee news to show the complete U turn of Congress, AAP, NCP when they were speaking of reforms in farm sector.
Since this bill came farmers loose everything. This bill against farmers and good for big Bussiness.
Modi government the Prime Minister of India should be ashamed for treating the Indian farmers with such disdain and he must repeal the 3 bills immediately. He cant sell the farmers to corporate. We will not allow it.
But farmers still won't give vote to  bjp....that would be the real win of farmers
In India most of the things which media cover present only anti-India perspective...like vice only covers farmers side..did they even bother to see and check what actually government did...how many facets are actually suffering due to these strikes...u just wanted to make video...don't fool ur self and think of yourself as truth bearers
These policeman gets handsome salary in account every month without any delay , they don't bother about farmer or nation , Power of Uniform showing Attitude.
Well done rakesh sir first bill should take back in parliament... Thn
You showed weakness today PM. You held a very high position for me, but that took a hit. You went kneeling down before a small section of violent mob, not farmers.
And with the introduction of this new system MSP can be increased in a regulated manner without affecting the price at the consumer's end which can actually benefit the farmers provided govt. comes up with a regulated framework to allow farmer - private entities interaction.
Thank you so much for your support to farmer...and I'm a student of economics n u help me very much to understand this.. thnk u guys
This farm bill is a disaster instead of asking for the farm bill other state farmers should ask for msp market like punjab and haryana. Implementing the farm bill is like digging ur own grave for the multi-billion dollar corporate companies..
My eyes were full with tears..govt should listen us..we r farmers and farmers pioneer of the country..
People who are speaking in support are as stubborn as the people protesting and havent read the laws themselves. Same as the copies of laws burnt without even reading them. Before speaking everyone should compare the laws with old ones. I am a farmer's son, farmers are being misled by the middlemen. Farmers are frightened that if middlemen are not there they will not get cost of their crops. Just speaking about something is very easy than reading and understanding and that is what happening in this video. Irony is that most of the people have not actually read the laws. Most importantly if the so called farm leaders are right then why they have not discussed the laws clause by clause even after 11 round of talks. Because if the laws will be discussed clause by clause there will be a solution and that is what they dont want.
8. All want farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana farmers unions want to repeal
Stop calling Indian farmers. Its only Punjab only Punjabi farmers
Most appropriately elaborated explanation on merits & de merits of Farm Bills 2020
This explanation is  theoretically correct.But But ....A farmers will never able to access online market they don't have that expertise. What will happen there will be some middle man who buy crop from farmers at low price and sell it to corporate at high price using this online platform.But in mandi farmers , they can alleast handle on their own with their limited knowledge.
My reply to HI and you don't lable BJP as communal party, people of India voted power democracy way and no corruption no scam, pseudo secular forces no more
Meri family kisan hai or hm pm Modi ke sath hai , tiket to Chor hai
Also, these bills promote the creation of Farmer Producer Organisations (FPO) on a large scale and will help in creating a farmer-friendly environment for contract farming where small players can benefit.
summary -- educate farmers and reduce corruption.
I had a huge confusion regarding why only punjab n haryana are against the laws. We never se uttarakhand or himanchal or bengal( rice max) bihar protesting for months. Now I am clear 
Dena solution chutiya chup kyu hogya,de 2 solution chutiya. Salute to you all farmers dil se respect hai aaplogo Ka.
Malik mind your language , not acceptable u spoke words for PM Modiji best PM of the India.
These all farmers  are big bloody fools.They dont have any right to destroy the governments property and beat the plolice. Now 300 no of police has been injured by these fools (devil's). Even they are misbehaving with our national flag. When i saw this on news it made me aggressive. Every Indian should love and respect the national flag. This is humble request to the  central government  that to take serious action on them.
Reduce petrol diesel prices, repeal farm laws etc just before elections. People should realise this and vote according
Support for Indian farmers.
Shame on opposition and taketh. killed farmers for poltical gain shame shame
Farming Sector in India is moving back to its Vedic Roots for becoming World's Best Farming Practice 
IT IS NOT ONLY THE KISAN OF PUNJAB  RATHER KISAN ARE FROM ALL OVER INDIA . IT IS TOTALLY WRONG VIEWS OF PRAVAKTA THAT KISAN ARE FROM PUNJAB ONLY .
I am son of Farmer.
There is a provision that the Big Contractors cannot buy farm lands from the distressed farmers, but this can be circumvented by having shell companies, and eventually they become huge landlords.
3. Essential Commodities Act - If corporate sector stocking more stock at time there is shortage of products in market , then price will increase rapidly........... government say they will not interfere until the price of products increase by 2 times or 1.5 times please clear this doubt?
The point 1 and 2 would be harmful to both farmers and the consumers and more than 80 percent farmers in India are illiterate and they would exploited more now than ever after this bill.
Very bad decision, you have set an example that if anyone protests for a govt decision for an year, govt repeals the decision....Now the elements against CAA, NRC, abrogation of article 370 will get more confidence bcoz of this decision.... Now get ready to face more angry and violent protests across india, by this move, India is going to suffer more and more in the future
Yogi and amit failed modi ji the winner
Farm bills are repeal
Tikait be like : Ese kese repeal kardie...ab propaganda kese pelenge ?? ... Stubble burning will continue... Middle Man Supremacy will continue 
Focus on supporting farmers.
What a victory... Kisan Zindabad
Atleast someone is talking about the real issue. Indian government is so corrupt to an extent that PM Modi didn't spoke about protest until the riots.
Same exactly what was in my mind about legal services should be provided to farmers and it should be level playing grounds for both the parties.
    BJP     congratulations my rock farmers.
Minimum support price and maximum retail price changed every year before farming start. If supply increase and demand was not there then minimum support price and if supply decrease and demand more than maximum retail price. This is applicable for all farmer items. Plus supply increase then do export and never do important and instead of important give highest price to farmer.
Actually farmers also don't know
Refusal and denial of the existing poverty among the farmers and poverty in general has become the norm for PM Modi, we know, that the reports lack conformity and reforms.  Improvement and amendments of what is wrong is ignored, thus corrupt and the people of India experience unsatisfactory results.
i am unable to understand why the policymakers and the bureaucrats involved in these bills have still not thought about the impact on farmers it is going to create in long term. And forcing this law in favour of capitalists.
Farmers from Punjab, Haryana and western UP, will be asked by their future generations on what they did. They should ask their brothers middlemen why you sell your produce at 5 Rs and we pay 40 Rs. Where does that 35 goes.
I am also son of farmer, but I think that provides more  choice to farmer where he want to sell their crops
Congress hamesa kisano ke sath thi
I myself have small farm. But I feel bad that because of few misguided people government efforts are going waste. Respect for modi ji has increased. Pray to god please give wisdom to our people.
Has Vox covered the role of middlemen in the previous laws and how they squeeze the farmers and how the new laws take them out of this squeeze. If not covered then it is sony propoganda. Both views should be given
All Hindus have to unite agaist these Khalistani and Jihadi groups.. all they want is to break the nation.. we have lost Kerala, WB, North east and Punjab almost
Indian farmers are inspiration for global farmers 
Indian new chanal sold by modi government 
When farmers will be squeezed between high cost of cultivation and low price. Can't they sell their products to Apmc mandi. Where they will get minimum support price. So how can you say that government wants to get out of the agri business??
I dont think that Dear Modiji or any senior BJP is involved as party head knows anything. He is always ignorant about important things.
The new farm laws will not only affect the farmers but also us, the citizens who rely on the farm products directly or indirectly. Changes to uplift the agriculture and farmers lifestyle is definitely required. But it must also involve understanding their issues at the ground level and working on the solutions around it. A small inconvenience in our life to uplift our farmers lives is the least we could take.
There's APMC ACT  ( Mandi's ) in Punjab and Haryana Given by then Central Govt after the agitation of sir chotu ram ( Kisan leader of undivided Punjab )
the govt can launch a scheme where farmers get a fair price for their land. This will also be useful in bailing out farmers. Then, the govt gives the farmer a fixed salary for producing crops. This way, farmers are ensured  a fixed income even if the harvest is not good giving them financial security. The govt gets all these crops and then sells these to the traders at the govt price. This way the govt can control market prices .Both the farmer and the consumer benefit from this.
With this law monopoly will increase.... actually it looks good by reading and it can exploit the farmer and environment by business mans....
If you support farmers than you should support the American farmers who's land is being protect Ed with the Wall president Trump was having built. And the Biden presidency stopped
Salute to the Great Farmers of Punjab...love from gujarat
Even Modi and Our president don't know much about this bill than you I think . You should thank yourself . If my lecturer explained this much in class I would have won Gold Medal 
The irony is i saw an adani group ad showing a farmer at the start of this video
How dare they call farmers terrorists look at them in the cold look at them suffering look at their work, they starve just so we can have food. Modi, you need to open your eyes punjab is against your sins. Think of what you are doing to the elderly. We are not terrorists we are farmers. Farmers feed you, and the roti you eat is grown in Punjab if you think of that. If you don't do anything about the farm laws you won't have anything to eat and India won't have anything to eat. Look at the farmers suffering just look at them! They are doing these protests because they want their rights, our land our rights!!!! 
This is the Datta Samant moment for Indian farmers. If they don't stop at the right time they should just look at what happened with famous textile mills of Mumbai. You cannot have MSP that is declared by the govt on all agricultural produce. The markets will fall and then traders will resort to cheaper imports. Consumers will also adjust, it is the farmers that will have no where to go. I fear for the farmers, hope better sense prevails and the protests are at least called off now.
 You didn't mention about minimum support price that gives protection to the farmers and the help extended by the government in case private players try to cheat
Not happy at all. It was for real farmers but protester are not farmers, they are political motivated ,middle man .
I am standing with farmers and its their victory against dictatorship.
We all stand with MODIJI BJP
New farm bills are more vulnerable to monopoly. Atleast when you know that there is no limit on hoarding when there should be. Also like you said that the products are perishable in nature. Hoarding only helps them exploit the producers/farmers even more. For eg a product with MSP of Rs 100 for once is purchased at Rs 120 resulting in maximum produce and sale, let's say twice the actual demand. The remaining produce can be hoarded and in the next season, traders/buyers can either refuse to buy newer products or ask them farmers to sell the same products at a half price. Because of their perishable nature, farmers wouldn't have other options but to agree. Also the potential players will be very limited and an open market saying is just a gimmick because in the beginning, the products will be purchased at lucrative prices which have never been offered earlier, at prices which cannot be paid by others, even with taking huge losses on the account of buyers, to kill a potential competition like it happened in the case of Jio. Even Idea and Vodafone failed to survive. Which other buyer can take losses as much as Adani in the agriculture sector? Anyone? And then when the competition is dead, there's no MSP to protect farmer's interests, mandis will close down eventually as they'd largely remain non-functional because of a better deal from the Pvt buyers in the beginning like it happened with BSNL. We already have seen such market disasters in the recent times, don't we learn anything from it? How can farmers survive an exploitative monopoly which even Idea and Vodafone couldn't survive? APMCs are atleast in the interest of farmers, New farm bills actually make the producers/farmers most vulnerable. In APMCs, traders license is given to those who are close to state Govts and the Govts keep changing thus keeping the cycle running. Open markets with no law for MSP, unlimited hoarding and with giants like Adani it's just delusional to expect a fair business taking place even in an open market. This monopoly is worse by a 100 miles when compared to the conventional system of APMCs.
Wah agreed with my farmers... Humare liye covid hai and police k liy nahi hai.
Most of the Media and celebs in India are silent and are against farmers, thank you for the video
Farmers of Punjab have kept their greed above everything else.
Pls convey to Modiji, to give adequate treatment to Tikaith.
We tax payers must protest giving all freebies to these unproductive farmers as it6wastage of our tax money
Farmers lives matter.The 159 Indian farmers who died in protest against the anti-farmers bill paid a silent tribute.
Feku ka ghamand aur obscene haughtiness got shattered. Each time bj party is defeated, india progresses. Defeat them in UP and see how great india will become.
Here in Maharashtra we've seen crops and vegetables dumped on the side of the roads because the mandis set the price too low.
Love your Content bro. Understood Farm Bills for the First time
People are being misled not the farmers.
Please support our farmers before it's too late 
I don't understand here government knows that many big corporations will trade with the farmers in such a way that they may face a huge debt. Then who will be responsible for that?
As long as Central govt does not collude with Private companies i think these reforms are good for Farmers freedom.
Advantages of three historic farmer bill
They are not farmers, they politically motivated.
The laws  were good for the farmers. It's sad that they had to be repealed in the larger interest of the nation.
They want farmers to have loss in farming ...then they result as Cheap labour to work in bug factories...
Great Explanation. You should teach farmers these laws (instead some corrupted parties) so they can move to proper protest.
Many farmers aged 50+ are participating in protest.. In such cold weather conditions, Govt should think 1000 times before spraying cold water jet on them.. 
ab bjp walo ke pass koi vedio proof nhi h to blame kis pe daldo same congress pe ..
Educated middle class still toes the line of Modi. They learn from BJP whatsapp University.
I and all the people, who came from farmers family, understand the position of farmers
Sir I am a farmer and I saw this video today. Your explanation is very helpful for all of us. 
I dont but Farmers are having swords,aks;)
600 million employed in farming? Lmao the total workforce of India is 500 million.
power of farmer jai hind
setback to small farmers . 
I think agriculture supply chain will be Modernized and farm produce will increase, if the company and farmers do contract farming. 
Please add subtitles so that all over India and World over, all will understand the plight of farmers..
Salute the farmers!
Farmers ko samjhana chahiye tha,,, amendment to a66a hain...usko parliament me discussion k through karna chahiye tha...
One question is still unanswered, why is it only Punjab & Haryana farmers having issue with this bill not the other farmers from various remaining states. No farmers from down south is supporting this movement, why so? Did Vox look into this corner? Journalism needs to see things from hawk eye and need to also take interview from the leaders why did they bring this bill. No government will bring in a new policy just to do injustice to its agricultural industry. I some how feel the whole moment is been misinterpreted to the world by creating ciaos. If the bill is so unjustifiable then it would get condemned by people across entire nation then the government will rethink on its decision. But here I find many rich people from Punjab and Haryana who own mandis have problems. They now don't want to share their abundant income with states like Bihar and rest who are not fortunate to taste the cream.
Protesting farmers don't attack passing cars or lynch people. 
By any which ways, is it possible for government to take back such Laws. Although I certainly believe that these are for the farmers benifit.
Our family has been a farmer throughout generation, for the last decade our production was profitable enough.  But as time went by, the price of rice in the Philippines still stagnant and steady, much worse reduced due to high competition from imported rice. Many of the farmers in our community are in debt because of high cost of fertilizer, obsolete technique, calamities, and rice tariff law.
Our PM sahib had no time to meet the kisans personally then(because that was what the farmer brothers were asking for) but now on media platform on Guru Purab, announcing that 3 laws would be repealed.. would not change the hatred the BJP govt gathered in this past year..
A farmer can choose if he want to sell in mandi or not. its farmers choice. Jai kisan Jai Bharath
Feeling sad for legit farmers who could have benifited from these laws
Salute to the all farmers.
Farmers are doing are correct and it's really shame on Government imposing this new set of rules to make the private players rich.
and cant sell to any one outside of the APMC market yards/mandis and 
Here where I live dairy farmers are basically left without regulations, but instead of helping, this cause one big multinational corporation to have a virtual monopoly over the milk market.
Great explanation. BUT you should also have stated how these so called farmer protests are just talking about repealing the farm laws and DONT ACTUALLY WANT TO TALK OVER THE ISSUES YOU STATED.  The main agenda is this. The gov is open to talk about the laws and are inviting the farmers over and over to have a conversation to bring about changes in the law. But the only thing the so called kisan neta wants is KAALE KANOON WAPAS LO! 
I don't support these 3 farm laws and also I didn't support this repeal. What gov have to do is make some changes in this farm laws as what some farmers demand like msp and all.
Govt. : These farmers are terrorists !!!!!
Corporates were never a problem, 90% of the Land is owned by Small to Medium Scale farmers due to the Land Ceiling Act.
Did you want to know why are farmers protesting???
One Nation One Market exists today too, this bill is a sham to ensure corporates can bully farmers and buy fruits and vegetables at heavily discounted rates.
Instead of naming names who killed farmers who killed bjp workers let us all wait for judiciary to give their verdict. 
Abolishing APMC in bihar has had very bad effect. Farm laws are likely to create monopoly of corporates. States should create a cooperative mechanism. Bottom line is if Farmers do not want the law then why force a law. Surely someone else is benefited. If government wants to do away with MSP then government should  state that clearly.
I am from lakhimpur kheri ,this incident looks planned and a method to somehow effect stability as the elections are very near .
Great man....educated one  never talks about the politics without using the emerging words now days godi media modiji amit ji nd all the point to point and have a sharp knowledge about the act....clear wordings. Govt must have to mind his appeals 
Doubling farmers Income can now take a back step , The Agriculture sector is going to remain in destitute . Politics over policies indeed
I support new farmers bill
Since INDIA is a member of *WTO * , low cost food materials, palmoil, rubber ....all these type of items will come to india from different nations at a low price. So the corporates have a choice. One more thing i want to tell you is that,  during covid time also , more foriegn cars were sold out , rather than indian made cars. People love to travel in mini cooper, or ford rather than INDIAN made NANO or MARUTHI car. So how the govt can compell the people.
They don't just cook for themselves, the farmers also share their food with the police. It's cold in delhi but they're willing to go through it all for their rights.
Who says they are farmers, they are criminals.  The controlled the markets in Punjab and Haryana. They are blood suckers.
But sad the situation has gone so low that even farmers get beaten up
functioning . . New farm laws gave small farmers an opportunity to 
Not done for the love of farmer, but rather with UP elections in mind. Sad so many farmers had to pay with their lives.
True educated farmer .
Farmers Never believe   Commitment of Feku , he is 420 about his commitment , we seen so many times . After bill pass only stop this protest . Who are arrested due to this protest after withdrawing all cases and related this all farmers death compensation received, only withdrawn this protest
All Drama...ask one of them to explain the bill and their mouths will shut...it's just Modi hatred in play...
Put the culprit behind bars . Jai farmers
Besides northen region like Haryana, Punjab, Western UP and Rajsthan, there are many other farmers also and they have different produce, different geographical conditions. Sir, is it not possible to have different farm laws for different geography. It would lead a healthy competition and if any state realise that neighbouring state have some good laws then they can ammend their laws more developmental?
10 months after the video, Adani offered mere 17rs per kilo in the place of 63rs before farm bills owing to low quality. Quality of the crops depend on climate as well.
the Punjab farmers like the legendary Sikh battalion historically also.. are always so well organised and prepared. if anyone thinks they can be pushed over ..they are dreaming ..
Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crop. Corporates again happy.
Protesting? You mean, damaging mobile towers, molesting journalists and reporters, abusing PM, creating civil nuisance and many more. Does someone asked why only Punjab is feeling the loss here. And what about the khalistani protests within this farce. The whole country is ashamed by this theatrics.
1. He says anyway the small farmers are already selling directly and they don't have any incentive to go for long distance. They also don't need to enter into any contract. And, as per the bill, the farmers can pull out of the contract without penalty, but the buyer (private players) need to pay a penalty for pulling out of the contract.
If you now want real change, then you have to defeat BJP electorally to save the integrity of Bharat/India/Hindustan, whatever you want to call.
It's crazy how unexpected the strongest opposition to the BJP was. No one not CAA not NRC not the opposition no-one could challenge the government but the farmers didn't only challenge them but brought them down to their knees completely overwhelming them. Big respect to our farmers
Because day by day there are only increasing in price of compost, diesel, pestiside, seed as well as  there aren't implement in Crop price(MSP). So as the end of farmers growth are declining. It's so sad ...and not to be overlooked by India' farmers 
This is yet another step to ensure a totalitarian rule. It will bring about unethical farming practices like GMOs and more chemicals in our food. I supported Modi thinking he will have an independent control, but looks like he too is just a puppet now. They said Adhaar was not compulsory, now we know how it has been enforced. A lot of people were forced to download the Setu app. Quote from New Indian Express:
Don't u think , rather reviewing 3 farm bills u explained history and current act not pros cons of 3 farm bills.
90% of the people in this interview (Delhi people), it appeared understood the Farmer issue and they were supportive of the farmers. Very happy to see fellow Delhiites concerned for the farmers. Just don't understand howcome these same Delhiites voted for the same BJP and Modi into power (from Delhi). Maybe Modi did vote rigging.
this is the only place where  real facts is shown without any political mess all the youngster who wants to be true to there country and make India great again need to know real facts as base to support and act and help each other I am very thankful  to the abhi and niyu both that they are proving such a amazing contain to making us understand the real situations . cheer up India will be great again .
first of all congratulations to all farmers of India it is the great achievements that will definitely became memorable in the history 
There can't be any complacency on the canceling of farm laws which were not there.Responsible policy makers must bestow sincere efforts to protect the farmers from natural disasters practically avoiding slogans
When the pm is uneducated and farmers are educated
Farmers end up giving their yield to the Agents and paying extra to sell it to them!
These bills sought to bring much needed reforms in the agricultural marketing system such as removing restrictions of private stock holding of agricultural produce or creating trading areas free of middlemen and take the market to the farmer.
Who said farmers can't sell their produce in other states.....read 1976 top courts order......that says no govt. Can restrict farmers to sell their produce in other states.......which was result of similar agetation. Humara seb to Chandigarh me bik sakte hai aur hum  bechte bhi hai....koi nayi baat batao youtuber.....ye batao agar ye coorporate Nirav modi aur malya ki tarah paisa leke bhag jayenge to kya hoga......baki mere farmers ka interview dekho....aur fir in bills ko samjo https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=408661643609808&id=398765797204149
If farmers can combine to threaten to sit on protest for 6 months, I'm pretty sure they can amass means to set up Infrastructure for storage. Once this is done, whole produce can be pooled and revenue from sales can be distributed proportionately. This  will strengthen the need for Chak-bandi system which will result in farmers coming together and unite farm size which can increase productivity with less inputs and more mechanisation. Govt has a long term outlook and not just for next couple of years. Game changer as you put rightly.
Did you know farmers in India don't pay Income Tax, despite the fact that there are tax slabs to take care of poorer farmers... Why is it that none of these people cried injustice when investors in India have to pay income tax, dividend distribution tax and later individual income tax with additional cess for the sake of subsidizing their produce that "no one is going to buy and is probably gonna end up with rats and insects in some govt. warehouse.. These people should feel shameful that first they left the nation that they now call home for a better lifestyle in a developed nation... but when India implements reforms to go in the same direction they have guilt the government into regressing back to a licence raj regime!
You're saying private players are smart, they will try to buy only on low price. But farmers still have choice. Mandi will go nowhere, if farmer doesn't like the price, he will sell his goods to Mandi.
Great info. But there are some missing points in video. Like the bill says if farmer have any problem regarding msp he could not be able to go to court he.
These farmer needs to be educated 
Please support our government. PM Modi and Home Minister have shown so much patience. Most of them are not farmers but terrorist and anti social elements. Just see the way they behaved on Republic Day.
Read in your own regional language along with English the farm bill.
This is indian farmer.....
I proud to be a farmer 
If MSP is not guaranteed for all crops and farmers are fine by it then govt should have it outside of mandis
I still see this bill benefiting big corporates. Not at all feasible when it will actually be applied and followed. And by the way video ke starting me u only said that don't watch the video if you have liking is disliking for a political party. The why u mentioned congress in bad light in the video. Useless video which doesn't explains what will actually happen when farmer actually is troubled by all the loopholes.
People who are neither farmers nor understand ground realities have crafted these laws...start small, test and then scale. Don't assume just like you assumed the benefits of demonetization! Grandiose, egoistic plans...don't always succeed.
Punjab and Haryana Mandis broker associate & akali dal politions and congree politions are making huge money  for many many years.the strike should be defeated to multiply production by qtypricing, export s,and build national economy. We have to build farmers of all States by modern equipment.,machinery gene editing ,drop irrigation , drones for fertilizer feeding,and insecticide sprayi,ng, radiation protection etc
Intent & Content of the three bills lucidly explained as an LKG teacher to many who are still at loss to understand why the farmers protest? It is an ongoing protest between those who framed the laws on farmers and their farming and now they have been framed. There is a pinch in the laws and hence farmers are giving a punch and the question is whether we can have our essential lunch with any empowerment, protection and with necessary provisions. Good attempt by the presenter and gross loss to those concerned.
Grand victory for farmers! 
The very hard working farmers and their families, does not sleep properly mor take enough rest,  So the farmers must be rich citizens in every country.
Why can't the leaders of farmers invest in storage rooms in main cities and control their business & prices, nri and volunteers will fund the project. Since neighbor states are united with us now, We are smarter and more powerful with unique ideas. wake up india take control in your hands be the leaders not followers. Let's do less speeches and more action, we want results quickly loosing too many life's not fair. So much respect & blessings to each farmer and their family members at Delhi border 
Irony is that,not a single farmer has commented on this video.People who don't know farming are giving lectures on the problems of farmers.People are commenting, opposition is protesting against Bill.But do we really have a opposition in current scenario.?? BJP was the most cruel some opposition.They have opposed each and every bill. BJP is experienced in that. Congress don't have any experience of acting as a opposition party. Actually their is no protest by political parties,it's all by people. And BJP knows how to suppress them. They have money power ,they have IT cell, creating perception among masses is easy.Lot of pro government channels are already doing this.
This is the same problem farmers faced in Australia. In the end corporations with big money will buy out the prime land and only subsistence farms will remain in the hands of ordinary farmers. Remember that the Modi government has come to power and stayed in power by marginalising minorities. This may be the end of that type of representation.
We all muslims stand with farmers.
Modi gi should t return three bill , act
Farmers are god 
Firstly need a mass people protest against EVM (Electronic Voting Machine),  then automatically these Farmer's demands will be fulfilled by a genuine peoples government.
For inter state selling. ..pls tell me Sir...if a farmer from punjab comes to West bengal and sell his potatoes....how much will the farmer face hassles and whether potato per kg will remain at Rs14 a kilo? Then the consumers will have to buy at Rs50 a kilo. Is this is not against the consumer ?
Doubling farmers income? first of all how he got to know farmers income? Do they have constant income to make it double? For god same don't fool people Mr. PM....
If Govt legalise MSP and farm insurance then it will secure farmer interest. 
Thank you for supporting farmers 
I am indian  Muslim but I love Arvind Kejriwal more than any politician
These oposition politicians are giving 500 per day to attend protest (my friends farmer dad got this offer) Those poor farmers who are sadly not aware of their benefits they just attend so that today atleast they get their vages and 2 time free meals.
Farmers should not retaliate with violence, please, make it silent protest.
Acting and politics mind person don't trust peoples and special farmers. Elections in 5 north states.
I was against farm bill ,now I am in support , thank you lady
one can easily see the purpose behind this announcement....UP and Punjab elections....
At first glance, this video is forced to change the mindset of people. But I am from a farmer family. I have seen how much price we're getting after the product. Why dont you give the solution about making cold storage at every district or taluka place where farmers can keep their products safely and for the long run? As whenever the prices are going down they can place their products in cold storage. Why is the Govt not ready or a guide to farmers for making a co-operative (without politicians) with equal rights to all farmers in that area? Why do you want big companies to interfere with our products? Why don't the common man support farmers to form co-operative? For making roads we have a lot of funds. If without food we can't even survive then why is not thinking of giving cold storage like infrastructure to the farmers? This is a very simple solution that will solve all farmers' problems. We are ready to give some sort of rent even to maintenance. We will take care of this cold storage. But giving all our products to some of the big COMPANIES is Big NO  NO.
u r only describe too less. there is main in contract farming where govt block farmers to court and they limited farmers by sdm. where poor cant find help from sdm bcz sdm department ll influence by big corporates like haryana adani did. so there r more big points that's way farmers fighting
But money is with the middlemen, and they are backed by Khalistani SEPARATISTS, and other political opponents of PM Modi, including the Pakistanis from across the border.
Sir ,There are numerous companies which procure apples at definite prices ,but these companies procure only selected quality apples(high colouring strains,less ripe ,juicy etc) .considering this ,Amongst his total produce ,a small and a marginal farmer produces only 25% apples as selected or high grade quality ,rest being of inferior quality which is sold in apmc's along with selected quality produce ,if these apmc's are dissolved ,who will buy the 75% inferior quality produce of the farmers. Small farmers who have had their payments at default by small traders have struggled to get their due rights even after initiating legal proceedings against these small traders ,Do you people genuinely believe that if these big companies don't value there contracts ,a small farmer would be able to take on legal battles against these big corporate houses ,with exclusive legal aids and advisors at their end.
Most useless and biased video on farm bills...
"Several round of talks where held with no result" That's because these protesters don't want any. The government even said these laws could be suspended for 18 months till a new new resolution can be found. But no, these guys where adamant. They are here at the behest of Khalistan separatists and the opposition who are trying their best to put a stain on this government that has been democratically elected twice with a huge majority. How else can the poor Indian farmers fund their protests if they aren't ploughing on their fields? But if indeed they are genuine farmers then all credit goes to the Indian government who lifted the farmers from a hand to mouth existence to being financially sound so they can leave their fields and protest for months.
Only cooperative movement can create better MSP and save the agriculture for future bro .. support the new national party .. millennials Cooperative Party
I wonder how our "poor" farmers from Punjab and Haryana are able to send their kids to Canada/UK/Australia?
I support Farmers.
Ab inlog ke pass koi weapon nai bacha to congress ki gadi thi... Uff... When it ll stop. Just blaming other people. Kitna girenge ye log. Kya haal krke chodenge humhare states and India ka... Sometimes I really worry.
After disaster of demonisation it is good because I came from farmer's family. And I know how bad are apmc now in india and corruption and cartilization stole the market and farmers get nothing as there are middle man in middle man's, so it becomes long chain of middlemen and destroys farmers.
who made the MSP system currupt as it was made for farmer and to make india indepdendent on food?
I think Sikh people should be involved in governance to a greater extent. They are better. As a community they sacrificed a lot for India. They should come to the forefront and take the handle of our country. I m sure they will take our country to a great height.  Three cheers for farmers and constitution 
Farmers are fighting for us
Sikh Community, unbeatable Till Date. Feeling Proud to be a farmer's son.
I used to support BJP, but this time its totally wrong. Galat jagah panga le lia BJP ne
I come from an India where a channel talking about Hindu rights is considered to be communal/godi media
We support  farmers
Assertion: BJP loses by poll elections
Thu I blame bjp for the whole mess they should have consulted farmer
I am a Software Engineer doing very well in my field but after these laws literally i started learning about organic farming and agriculture , and planning to do a practical degree in it so may be i am planning to do organic farming in future while applying all the technical knowledge also in that
Maturity is when you realise this is all tactics to win election in UP and punjab... Ekk teer se do nishane 
I am also from a farmers family and existing rules have not done any better for farmers. Pls do check the farm laws of US, UK, SWEDEN, Canada, countries supporting the farmers protest. 
Vegetables in our town market are on average Rs.40 per half kg at the same time they are being purchased from farmers at Rs.15 per kg. Middle men/Vendors make huge profits compared to farmers but now corporates are here with better logistics and strategies to beat vendors.
Why people treat farmers like they are something above everything they do farming to earn not to feed us for free they are doing business same as everyone doing
Funny thing is, no matter how much protests happen, no matter how much hate is spread against modi, modi keeps winning again and again, with even stronger majority.
Can anyone with common sense explain what is this bill and how is it bad for farmers??? Lol  Only punjabis are crying as they own 90% of mandis all over country lol
More than farmers middle class should have protested against the bills. Privatisation is not a problem. Its unregulated privatisation with crony capitalism is a lethal combination. Thats more likely to happen.
This is a big loss for small farmers. Read farmer act bill carefully, it was clearly mentioned open markets for farmers
Thank you so much sir nahin now I have a very clear idea on farmers bill thank you
Good farmers, keep on fighting... lit everything & car on fire in your way. Government these days can feel the jolts only when the protestors turn violent otherwise your efforts are useless. We fully support you.
Let me put it simply - farmers are justified in their protest. Protest is an inconvenience for now, but BAD policies will be a major inconvenience for all citizens. - understand !!
Now blaming modi rally and kumbh for the current crisis in India, 
Misled, does the Govt think these farmers as children, to be misled
The info isnt complete...the government doesnt buy all crops at msp...only wheat and rice is bought at msp...other cereals pulses and oil seeds arent purchased by the government and the msp is only the suggested price...this is an important point you have missed. Only 6% of farmers in india avail the msp to sell their produce to the government.
Both akalis and congress govt.  has ruled punjab for years but where is punjab today modi came to power in 2014 but what we have to say about previous governments...!! 
They are telling there actual problems but the godi media gives a tag khalistan to them 
become independent .Rich farmers ' struggle is for preserving their vested interests. Sadly new Farm Laws were  also being given a communal colour .Govt in Punjab is also controlled by these very influential Rich farmers' lobby.
I honestly feel farmers were mislead ..mostly genuinely protesters were middle men which are so much in Punjab...though on front it looks farmers didn't want it..so good Modi roll them back..I hope they come up with other reforms..by yes we need reforms..
Farm Law should be suspended till there is a agreement with the farmers
No Farmer's No Food No Future 
Thanks to all farmers 
I think from next time onwards when I will hear farmers committing suicides, I will end up laughing. These fools have actually led to their own downfall. Had they read the law carefully and patiently, they would have understand the benefits of law. But fools are fools, and time and again we see that how big of fools we are. Good night farmers and await ur hardships in future. 
My plan would be a farm cooperation with farmer welfare i have already planned this out and effective methods.( crowded farming,year round farming,cover cropping,water harvestiung,and zero waste.Also we have started exporting chilli organic pesticide,cotton,sunflower biodiessel,sesame seed oil,peanut oil,and onion,and sell compost,and agriculturul waste fodder.and start dairies for each farmer with exess profits.
#standingwithourfarmers
Modiji's image is invulnerable now.. but it's a defeat for farmers.. but ...
All this laws have been imposed for the future planning. Punjab is the border state in india, which has land access to countries like Pakistan, Arabs and Russia. In future there will be no petrol or diesel and will be replaced by electric transports. { Short cut routes will be essential for transport}. So Adani and Ambani wants to own Punjab to take over the trade in future. These laws are to finish the land owners in Punjab and when there is no landlords then adani and ambani can control the trade in future. Punjab is the pathway for agriculture business in future worth billions of DOLLARS. First weaken the farmers and then take over their land. Then adani and ambani owns Punjab. Punjab is being looted for more then 40 yrs now... Drugs have been deliberately and purposely supplied into Punjab to weaken their youth. Bollywood is given the main role into supplying the deadly  stimulant,  people nowadays have trust on bollywood gods. This fight should be for all Bhartis not only Farmers, because these suckers are coming up to steal everything from us. Some countries are looking forward for these change for their benefit. Don't you think you all should wake up now. How much poor you want to be ? These riches ones are not originally  Bhartis. They are the lineage of italian , Israels etc. Fight now or NEVER.  May God destroy the blood suckers. { This statement has been simplified for ease understanding for everyone.}  Please watch the ' I goat  Pet II ' video as well.
India has 600 million farmers...there are 20-25k protesting against a law which cuts the role of middlemen and gives direct access to farmers of markets...In the present system 90%of farmers have to sell their produce to middlemen who decide the rates..farmers have little autonomy...the laws are path breaking and will make India's largest group prosperous...A prospering India is un welcome for the west as they always want to play the saviour of humanity... Please don't spread rhetorical propaganda basis half baked information...
More than Thousands farmer,not public or any students,The farmers themselves are coming today to join the protest,waiting there without their wife and children,Media is covering the entire situation and The Indian Government is not coming forward to have a negotiate with them? 
Or, rest of the farmers r fools in  my country.
Kejriwal is learning from Modi
I am With farmers and against this bill of the government...
One good thing is come out from this Farmers movement that a lot of foreign money poured in India through foreign funding. A lot people enjoyed that money. Lets talk about Rihannas abusive relationship with Chris Brown.
Don't belive on any one go through the bill n make your opinion as it will taking out the broker between the farmer and the mandi which we
Bhaio ye andolan jab khatm hoga jab election hoga ye sare congress ke agent h
Back to the wonderful times of family suicides, BJP supports that along with Kisan andolan. Well played.
Those who are speaking against the farmers they watch only and only t.v.'s bogus news.
A car running over matching farmers. Republic donot be always biased, next when this happens to your family no body will stand by your side.
2. In today's scenario farmers doesn't know the proper banking system & how can you expect him to sign the painful contract docs.
As for punjab farmers, they want this MSP system to continue because it's their way to easy money and they are the ones who have made most of amount of money by selling substandard produce to FCI for many years.
Modi and Yogi win will continue.  Don't heed to these people.
I am always   with u sir, I also think msp must be there with our farmers. 
Congratulations to all the farmers and people of India who supported them.. love you you who supported the farmers from different parts of India... still wait for formal procedure.
Now Do you think,  these Farmers can store the produced goods?
Farmers have more public facilities as compared to indian govt for public
No words for thanks .. proudly Im old subscriber of LallanTop..  while editing who select  background sound ? Hats off .. Kavishri is Very important part of our culture... Kavishri is music that Gave strength Nd reminds what our History was .. This time again PAnjab and all farmers Win for sure .. Very thanks Our Haryana bhai tau and all 
Rihanna for farmers, nothing can be more hilarious and sad as people actually took her seriously.
Majority of Punjabi farmers own below subsistence level farmland. Financial hardship has forced them to sell their land and send children to Canada and other countries for better future. 
Now you know, but all wrong!!! Im belong to farmers family and we support new laws!! This protest is not even done by farmers but the middlemen of supply chain from only 2 states Punjab & Haryana.
Thank you for this valuable information. This is happening all around the world. It is about disapropriation of farmers and humanity at large. And privatisation through coporate business which have no understanding of life or respect of nature or humanity. In Germany government is making so many stipulations that farmers are close to insolvency as they cannot do all the investments the government is asking for. Once farming is stopped in Germany - of course food needs to be imported. This way they can make the world dependent by "owning the food chain" they can "control" humanity. Vandana Shiva has brought this scheme to light and she is a woman of wisdom and foresight as well as fortitude. Thank you and God bless you. May the true people of earth rise in love and truth and may we live in harmony with the sacred planet.
Excellent Dr Vikas. Thanks a lot for explaining. I hope all Farmers and Government watches this.
Actually max 5-10% of the vocal and aggressive farmers  taken ovher 90 -95% silent un organised poor farmers.
You are not of any use to society even with this much knowledge, you are welcome to discuss it with any Farmer leader. . 
Can VICE make vlog about very serious issues of libration organizations working Indian soil in collaboration with this farmers protestings
I CAN'T IMAGINE THE AMOUNT OF WORK THAT WENT INTO MAKING THIS (and the subtitles in Hindi and Punjabi)!!!
Sir.. ground reality of present protest is..the MSP is not included in New policy... farmers want it should be added in writing not verbal ..on TV channels... Govt has refused to purchase MAKEE at MSP rate of 1600 per quintal..fixed by govt..says... farmers r free to cell elsewhere....tpt cost will boost... further pvt. agencies are not ready pay more than 600 per quintal for Makee against MSP of 1600/- Farmers say..either govt purchase MAKEE at MSP or order pvt. agencies to purchase at MSP.
Mere bhole bhale desh wasiyo abhi tak pakke papers nahi sign hue hai . Jis tarah they passed the farm Bill without votes and in a jerk. They have just orally said that they will take back.
Today people are denied of internet and diesel, once corporate farming starts in India,  we will be denied of food too if we don't act as puppet of handful of ruling people... the time is to act now or ready to be a slave
1. A private company might monopolize - YES. Will a government controlled MSP be fair? NOT REALLY. Governments for political reasons can behave like a cartel or a pacifier. Governments do not process improve. MSP will always be a dynamic number season-to-season and will need scientific technology to ensure the MSP numbers work for farmers, consumers and AGRICULTURAL TECHNOLOGY in a global sense. Are governments equipped to decrypt MSP numbers with perpetual scientific advancements? NO. They can't even predict weather patterns in India properly. 
1) If corporate sector comes to firming each farmer can have individual contract so the govt will no way agree to  future MSP .
More over Government is willing to make amendments to the new reforms including the assurance of MSP. So why the so called "farmers" are still protesting?  Do a fact check please.
So basically you are worried about Monopoly in this sector, well we already have laws for that. If a corporation starts exploiting of the farmers or consumers then both will shift to another company. Market competition needs to be maintained and that is where govt steps in. Ask yourself, why is internet in India so cheap?? It's because of market competition, and buddy it works wonders.
After one year of struggle and losing 700 farmers
I am looking for a day when farming should be incorporated style and farmer should be assured with the best price and free of stress
I think,yes,these bills are a good step...but I will say,this too,that these loopholes should be covered up...and first and foremost,gov.should listen to the problems of the farmers...I am neither in support nor opposed to the gov.
Loop hole is in farmers intention too... farmer take loan and default intentionally to get refund from govt... every 5 years new govt comes and pays of old loans ... all product  are insured but they still ask for refund ... mostly Punjab farmers are above poverty line ... there should be law that they cant sold agri land to go canada...most sardar will start crying  ... stubble burning caused soo pollution in our delhi ... but they still didnt stop it ...that shows how low the farmer can fall too there shouldbe heavy penalties on that too...but there is no action..... soo both sides have bigger loopholes...but we didnt want to accept new law becoz it MAY exploit... but they want all good benefit from it .. soo i dont support protest   becoz thats baseless
Farmers have understood how these laws will destroy their livelyhood and give away everything to ambani adani corporations.   Even BJP lawyers are not able to respond to farmers in debates.
It's a very big L for modi and something done for upcoming election to please the people. I always thought these were very positive changes and promoted productivity in agriculture to make India a powerhouse in terms of food exports but that wasn't to be and it will never be now if a full majority party bowed down to these protests.
People from a single state (Punjab) by those so-called farmers which are actually *sellers* want to continue their *monopoly over crop procurement* and *don't want farmers of other state become wealthier* . Farmers of other states like UP Bihar WB are very poor and these farm laws would be beneficial for them.
The protests by Farmers are 100% genuine then. Its the govt that is spreading propoganda and blaming everything on opposition. 
Bull shit interview. Who's this guy to comment on the subject.  It's was not bad but alternative system not given in place for disposal of farm produce. MSP gurantee higher level will have to be given to Farmers.
Congratulation to farmers. 
I feel like,why m still in house,I have to join this protest m not farmer but my heart  hinsdustani
No farmers in protest they all left goons
Farmers will be exploited no matter by whomsover
farmers defeat the fascist Modi.
These laws were in the interest of farmers and consumers as well. It could have been implemented in other states.
We are with our farmer 
Problem is modi sarkar . Modi sarkar jbtk is election board disqualify na krey tb tk india ki development  nhi hogi .
govt is ready to give writern assurance on msp and apmc... they told tht farmers can cancel contracts whnevr they want.. they said states can register those contracts.. bt farmers r insisting to repeal the laws..
1)The Farm Bills hampers with the monopoly of APMC (agricultural produce market committee) mandis,  For many established middlemen  this came as a sudden shock .
the ground reality is that a large part of farmers support the new farm laws( majority except Punjab and haryana)
Rihanna and Greta of all the people know shit about Indian farmers laws. And the interpretation of Trevors reporter is misconstrued/ not the full story.
#isupportfarmers
At least we can do this much work for our farmer.. This will boost their confidence in further movement..
He made his son Yuvraj Singh cricketer but wants farmers to be terrorist Jarnail Bhindranwale
Everything is not exploitation. That way you can say that Ola-Uber are exploiting cab drivers, Amazon Flipkart are exploiting small traders. Fact is farming is a risky business, where the output is reliant on climate, water, and so many market factors. And if the crops failed or there is over produce, farmers don't even recover their cost of agriculture. By introducing contract farming and corporate investment, the risks and benefits could have been shared with large companies. That way farmer's would have got a steady income and not commit suicide. Now we are back to old ways. I don't see any agricultural reforms in the next 20 years. Its not BJP's loss, but country's loss. And its a big win for Leftist media, Communists like Dhruv Rathee.
Victory of farmers is the victory of democracy
Love India farmers
Actually modi govt signed a treaty with Corona virus not to attack on bihar people during election. But unaware farmers don't realize this and keep on blaming modi govt like other anti indians.
Thanks modiji you just earned by vote
How  can other countries allow the Indian farmers to hold rallies in their countries knowing fully well that Mr. Modi has repealed the acts?
Farmers feed people.
These farmers have been led by people who are just promoting themselves. These farmers don't know who their friend is... It's sad.
I come from an India where an insane comedian can talk about female private parts in the name of comedy and still teach others about respecting women.
Dhruv if you are reading this ... Loan clearing is a big big scam run by farmers themselves ... I know my own family and friends who deliberately take loans and never , never pay even one emi even though they have good incomes and wait for state elections. Once the state elections arrive everything boils down to candidate who is offering to waive off loans . Do we the white collar jobs have the headache of paying off taxes when farmers enjoy maximum subsidies ? No doubt that few of the cases would be authentic but the complete system is failing on the ground of ethics .
Total number farmers in India - 16.6 Million
Vox should also make a video on how United States (there country) is pressuring India in WTO to remove support for farmers...
Government continues to buy goods at msp in the mandis right? Then there is no loss for small farmers due to competition right? Small farmers who face competition can sell their goods in the mandis right?
Like every profession, farming is a profession too. Why just Wheat, Rice and cotton farmers be protected? Because of this protection farmers are not producing enough of other crops. Resulting in over supply of wheat, rice and cotton when the prices of international market for these crops are low.
Still ...A farmer life always being a farming life..
So to give some context. The farm law is not that all bad. Its going to hit the farmers in Panjab. But on an average it will benefit the India farmers.
Yeh 2ra tha phle CAA waala tha aur jitne protest krlo sbko khilaf hi bolenge chahe teachers chahe doctors jinke liye taali aur thali baji hai. Koi bhi protest koi bhi jo bjp me ho kbhi news, bjp party kbhi bhi use support nhi krenge na shi bolenge
I even saw a video in which one of the farmer threw the Indian flag and hoisting a khalistani flag , today, which is Indian republic day. Disgusting ! Pure anarchy !
5. The price to be paid for the purchase of a farming produce may be determined and
Good strategy.... you are great Modiji
I stand with the Indian farmers 
Finally the soul of farmer 
Who is giving these so called poor farmers money for protesting since last 10 months
Why only farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting? Why there isn't much resistance in other parts of the country?
The simple solution is to make farmers educated and train them.
I have a small doubt in this....when govt has proposed these 3 bills to after all  make it a win-win situation for both farmers and consumers at the first place, then why is it not making MSP as a mandate....what's the story from government's end, I mean what are the challenges before the government
People are supporting our farmers
Dirty political games!!! Modi you must understand without farmers you are nothing!!! Dont play your dirty politics tricks on poor farmers!!!
Also keep in mind while making the video *the actual target audience viz.  farmers* which needs to be educated and they should be in ideally made in hindi. 
5) If 70% of Indian populations are farmers and farmworkers, then increasing their income will cause huge demands for other consumer goods and consumer spending in the entire country.
Well, i see this as a message to all people who feel opprssed by this fascist regime. Say thanks yo farmers, get inspired from them as say hoorah to Gandhian methods of struggle. 
Yeah. Go ahead and read the farm bill. It is not very long and is available on the internet. Get your facts right before forming your opinions...
Country of size of India is still exporting less farm produce then country of Vietnam and Thailand  what a joke. .
This is going to be a huge setback for Farmers , Farmers have lost- From a son of a farmer
That the farmer got his justice does not matter how long the case lasted for how many years
5:02 did he just said farmers ko contract padhna sikhna hoga.. 
My mom always buy vegetables from farmers and local venders .
The whole bill must be withdrawn without any conditions. Wtf is this ,taking only 3 laws in reconsideration. Trying to fool farmers. I have never seen such a clean lier even best psychologist won't be able to detect his lies from the body language.
Um, I still don't get it though. I understand their frustration but keeping the status quo and not reforming the Farming sector is not the answer. There are new Technologies and Internet based food industries being built in India, that can benefit everyone, especially the farmers. Instead of repelling the laws entirely which doesn't seem viable, the farmers should come to the negotiating table, as they clearly need the safety framework in place. But they aren't doing that, instead its just the choke hold of protests that stifiles any meaningful evolution of old laws that still plague India.
you have summarized the 70 year long farmer protest history in just two sentences.
Salute to Farmers Of Punjab and Haryana. 
What about rest of India? What are their opinion? In Karnataka most farmers support this bill. They said it removed middle men commission and farmer's are getting more price for their crops outside Madi and are happy with the new system.
Reason they lost this battle is because they stared riots with Anti Hindu slogans, if they stick to farmers slogan all Indians would support them
Help me understand this. If farmes want to sell there produce through/to mandis they can sell it since government has not done away with mandis. If the farmer feels he will get a better deal with the private companies he will sell it to them. Simple as that. Perhaps I am missing something. Please help me understand.
India's agriculture has 50% employment. After the agricultural reform, agricultural companies do not need so many workers. The agricultural policy of the Communist Party of India (Marxism) is more successful than CPC, but CPC has more achievements in industry, so many farmers enter the industrial system after leaving their fields. But CPC had many tragic stories because of the employment problem. From 1980 to 2000, China was like a mini Yeltsin's Russia.
what if the tomato market price is 20 and the contract price is 10. farmers have to sell them products at a lower price and that's what farmers fear, the third bill( essential goods amendment act) allows big corporates to control the price and increase their profit.
Congrats farmers
There is lot of difference between what people are talking and the ground reality         APMC act has been eliminated in 2006 and the condition of farmers in Bihar is very painful
protesting Farmers have iPhone
Free Punjab and haryana   no more hinddu colonism America supports 
After all their are disadvantages but this disadvantages are predictable we cannot say this bills are wrong...after watching this video i think the bill is correct..only metter is farmer don't trust current government...this is only problem..
Farmer's Do Not Take Loan and Pay Interests as It's Negative Trait. They Work Great.
Dhruva sir I'm proud of you  I love you.. bcz u always brings collects truth current affairs with lots of efforts , lots of study .its not easy I salute your hard work n wisdom..my hope is truth must be prevail....as our farmers did a great success  hystory...
Why does the mainstream media hate that punjabi and haryanvi farmers are well off? All farmers of India should be like them, not the other way around.
How much money u r taking from bjp....what ever they do you support it....thoda ground work tho karo
Now every case of inflation and farmer distress will be blamed on the farmer protest.
PM had shown kindness and respect toward farmer.
Now Modi should repel his articles against the Kashmirs and let the Kashmirs decide their fate.
Thanks for supporting us love from punjab 
3. Hitlers supporters could not tolerate any criticism against him
Huge blunder by Modi ji... I was of the opinion that some radical step is necessary to change the trajectory of poor agri sector.. I though lacked the understanding of the laws, I trusted this BJP govt that there is some logic. But, this act of Modiji just shows that, he himself lacked conviction. Bab bad move by this govt..
#upelections so all votes now to bjp
What one sided report. There is a reason only farmers of 2 states protesting. First up, it was illegal for me to sell my own product to some one outside Mandi! I have to take it to Mandi. If I sell it outside of Mandi, the buyer can be punished! Now, inorder to take the produce to Mandis, I had to harvest, process and sort (they won't take it otherwise). Ad when I do it, pay for transport and take it to the Mandi, there is collusion (which, to be fair, they covered). Most product are perishable, so I have to sell it to whatever price traders asked. Or pay storage/transport for bringing back. If you try different Mandi, local political goons ask bribe just to get into the Mandi! All this, and 94% govt subsidy goes to those 2 states. Rest of India, including my state, just get 6%. So, we are not going to see the "MSP" anyways, why hamstring us with these rules? Now I sell at my door step. I don't process or harvest. Trader does that. So even when I get little less than what I would theoretically get in Mandi, I save transportation, harvest and process cost/time. I charge 50% in the morning of harvest, rest amount in the evening before they lift the items (I have been doing it for couple of years now, even though it was illegal). Sure, there is hidden danger of slow monopoly and as we go forward, tweaking, new regulation etc will be needed. But when govt can't cater to 94% farmers by giving subsidies, there is no way out than de-regulating. Major loser is the cartel of middle men. Because if a company doesn't buy, they would lose money (potential profit). Middle men of the Mandis had no such competition, farmer had to sell to them by law.
The govt cannot implement such laws on farmers
Jastish for farmers 
They are not farmers..they are just a bunch of hooligans.
Let's say when a small farmer is trying to sell his crop to a big company, and if company tries to crush the farmer, how would the farmer proceed? Is govt putting any board to settle these kind of disputes?
We support farmers 
Panjab has sent 50 trains of food to support indian people nutrition and basically feeding the hungry. 
Just based on analysis, how can you ensure  that problem with farmers will be solved.
Bro first tell me what is the connection of damaging indian business with farmers protest and destroying iamge of tea and yoga of India mentioned in that tool kit shared by the Greta and why that Greta is asking Indians to follow isi agnet who is under Indian agencies Rader
Here you only discuss one ordinance... But other two ordinances also against farmers and ordinary people...
I don't have any idea about farming but I support them government should co-operate them.
This new policy is actually good for those farmers who are honest. its because they can sell crops to the customers without a middle man.
You are absolutely correct.. If these laws didn't repeal the prices of our daily use items  will increase 30-45% with in 6mmonth and it will not come down. Middle class family will affect more than farmers due to these laws.
The farmers protest will help AAP to win in the Punjab elections.
But happens when MSP is set and "some" farmers start using cheaper methods to produce low quality crops because they know they are going at least get the MSP.
Rather than farm reforms, India need judiciary and police reforms, but politicians and bureaucracy doesn't talk about that, because they are abusing it to fullest.
Salute to farmers....shame on Indian government 
APMC Mandis will continue to work
You can always go to china where they respect farmers and send your children to state funded schools that are actually pretty good they got first in a recent education poll from Europe
New generation of sikhs is not interested in movement like khalistan. They have lost hopes on India and moving to Canada and other wedtern countries.
Citizens of India salute farmers
Nice video with so much information. Just for my clarity that if MSP plays a very crucial role then why currently only 6 % of farmers are taking benefit of this. Why long time back people didn't oppose bringing MSP not a guideline but a law? Can you guide me?
But farmers are not understanding this why 
Tamilnadu farmers also started to protest against the law.all citizens are with farmers.jai kisan
Now they withdrawal this, Plz anyone from farmer family tell does this bill good or bad for u?
This gives Goosebumps... nation stands with the farmers...Kisan ekta zindabad
Farmers bill is good or not, govt is good or not, nothing matters, the thing Matters is that  citizen opposes and succeeded in putting their views in front of a gigantic govt. This Is the example of true democracy, and this is the point where every upcoming govts will think 10times about their decision before implimenting it.
Interesting days, looks like BJP wants to secure UP and help Capt gain Punjab.
What a coincidence with upcoming elections in Punjab
black day for farmers..... big loss for them .....
Indian government is continuously talk with farmer leaders but they now demanding to realise the terror acute prisioner . Are they really our farmers ? Because real farmers are in the corp field . So don't say half sentance . Don't just say what fites in your suit . Now some khalistani separates funding this movement and after the 26/1/2021 it is clear that it is not about the farm laws .
Makeshift camps, bathrooms, medical facilities and communal kitchens plus they are ready to stick around for four years! These farmers aren't kidding. The only way out is to listen to them.
Like minimum wage, MSP should be introduced, otherwise these big corporate houses will eat away our naive farmers. These changes are favourable only to the corporates. The producers and the consumers are left behind. It is high time we support farmers in their demand of MSP.
People commenting new farms laws are good just one question if supply is soo much that they are feeding whole nation how will price go up with so much supply and limited companies taking over the supply as well acting like monopolies hence controlling the price again
This is called journalism! This is what India needs. Beautifully captured . #JaiKisaan!
Europe follows common agricultural policy and please dont say farmers are taken advantage. Get your facts right. Here farmers are given money for not farming 
Bhai UPSC ke liye prepare kar rhe ho  LPG reforms se desh ki gdp badhi hai and farm bills me mandatory khi bhi nhi likha hai apna opinion aur frustration apne paas rakho 
If you are not aware of ground reality then we can't explain the pros and cons of these bills... If we don't know how all systems works and cost involved in agriculture sector that farmers have to incurred...
Your statement at 1.03 that farmers can sell his produce only at APMC in his area is wrong.
one thing people should know,  every now and then, American farmers are paid to sit around for not farming their land at all.
Excellent video. But highly biased view. You spoke about 3 phases of corporates that are beneficial to customers and farmers.. if you look at a corporate perspective they were incurring huge losses.  In the 4th phase also if they were getting into losses.. how will even corporates sustain ? The scenario will be still be like instead of farmers committing suicide..it shall be the corporates committing now.  Somewhere striking a balance can happen only once the schemes are rolled out successfully.  A LOT OF REALITY CHECKS HAPPEN ONLY ON ACUTUALIZATION OF THE BILL. YOU CAN'T HAVE A CLEAN PLAN ON PAPER BEFORE YOU ROLL OUT SUCH NEW INITIATIVES.
To all those people who are trying to politicize this issue , be it the ruling party or the opposition please don't deviate from the real motive and stick to what we need to think about -the welfare of the farmers.
Strength to our farmers.
In india some farmers even commmit suicide for a loan of amount 2000( approx 28 $) and with these laws the situation will get only worse.
It takes 10 years to revive the soil from the chemical destruction. It cannot happen in a day. Rather than waiver of farm loans, if we had helped them to solve problems. Farmers would never take loans. Not only farmers are dying, also farming is dying, no one wants their kids to farm anymore. What will happen to our food is a mystery. Wether any study conducted on future food security is a serious question.
We need farmers..
Not all the famers have won. As a farmer's daughter I wanted this farm laws to be implemented throughout whole country. Indian farmer's life won't change unless more finance is made available to the farming community. This APMC's are leeches feeding over small and marginal farmer's blood. They clearly manipulate price of agricultural produce, farmer does not have any bargaining power or right to say about it. Either you sell your goods or keep your goods at your store house. So, it is clearly not a farmer's victory in any manner.
3.  In 2019 farmers can't sell their 
Mene Ek poster dekha tha farmers ke tent me it was written fu*k off modi.
What about the farmers who have given their lives (750 farmers)
It is very fruitful fot all the farmers,  they are not going to lose any rights even they will get more options of selling 
This our responsibility to stand with  our food producers they are not begging for anything they fighting for upcoming generations of Punjab and generations of India .
Awesome Man , full support to the farmers and boycott godi media
But I support whatever farmers want ,I don't understand laws so don't know who is right or who is wrong here.
Victory to farmers! Victory for Democracy!
During Bihar election  campaign where is the social distance and rule? I feel very sad for farmers.
Ye backfire ho Gaya kam chor farmers ke upar...
If you are not ready to accept the change, change will change you..It goes for both the government as well as farmers
Madam AHA v Das dena kal jado kal cooperate business man farmer rice  wheat  etc business man nahin  purchase nahi apna rate Karda wheat  rice  quality galta hai excuse dena osa Tu bda court case nahin  kar sakde farmer  SDM 1month later ja sakde hai ona time kisa Modi ghar  roti kaha ga
Reporter should have seen Modi  Shah's election road shows in pandemic 
Farmers ensured country doesn't die of hunger..nehi toh jis rate se keemat bar rhi hai cizo ka Maggie v 80rs hota,tea v 50rs hota
I think we youth should start farming with new technology and make India no1 in agricultural production
Crying through the entire video i support farmers  jai kisaan mare sarkar
People please understand, the protesting farmers are the small minority who own land not the majority who do not.
Brief about india and sikhs..1..Sikhs are small fraction of india and they are india's most wealthy farmers since they live near the most fertile land and confluence of five indus valley rivers ...These rich farmers do not understand the pain of poor rest of india farmers.....2.Non resident sikhs have no right to interfere in indian affairs...they will fight against indian soldiers if USA asks them to do since they are under usa constitutional oath to protect interests of USA being USA citizen... 3..Indian sikhs are small part of indian defence force in absolute terms...4.indian sikhs protesting against delhi are some unemployed sikh youth who do not want to take risk of exploring world outside agriculture...
For big jump you need to move back ... Do Not  trust on modi BJP government. If BJP and modi really honest he must repeal this black law much before. More than 700 farmers died for unnecessary ego. Request to all kicked out BJP government do not vote again to BJP.
Good but y you take pain to explain this bills... This is anti farmers... Hence it's 90 days protest in India... In history of India... It's this BJP government creating disaster to farmers.... Thanks .. we the people by the people for people hate this farmers bills... Thanks
I watched dr vikasdivya kirti 3 hours video. Where he talks about profits earned by farmers through the bills.  
3. The farm bills have provisions that give the farmer advantage in contract farming and payments.
Farmers stand your ground . Do not allow the corporations to take over.
So are there too many farmers making too much food?
Summary: The goverment want to stop keeping the amount of farmers in the country artificially high.
Old shall go,  New shall come if new is better.  Capitalism has worked but we can see how it has destroyed our mother earth cause it's sight is narrow. We need a new ecofriendly economic model, profits sure but at what cost? Farmers use insecticides are as greedy as corporates in exploiting the soil. Adopt organic if they really care about people otherwise it's just a gimmick to garner support from the people. But since its costly they wouldn't and then say greedy corporates but wouldn't look at their own.
Let these poor farmers make some money so that they can feed theirs families, educate them to become skilled labours. It would help India in the long run. The middle class and lower class need to be over poverty line. Having a lower class over poverty line is better than having the  top 5 richest people of the world in the country. Education is what makes people superior. If that wasn't the case then country with the biggest population would be the most powerful one. India needs skilled labours to meet it's demands for the future. India would be the biggest or the 2nd biggest economy in the world in the future. Low skilled labours wouldn't fit in those days. AI would do all these works. The thing they are making would only benefit the rich to get even richer.
Actually it is a very sad news for the Indian farmers. these laws were for benefit of the Indian farmers but the opposition parties easily confused the farmers on these laws because they could not convince them to protest against these laws....
You explain the one side of farmers bill,
Kisan tractor pe protest kar rahe the... Matlab diesel ka paisa hai ... But phir bhi debt main rehte hain...
india will need about 40000 thousand tanks to block these 1 million tractors lolzz
This is a democracy you are talking about. And these are farm reforms not just laws. Dear get to know why reforms had to be brought about. Do you know that that these Farmers burn all the dry stubble left after harvesting because removing it in eco friendly way would cost money. These guys protesting are actually richer than majority of people in India. Please get your facts straight before making video on something.
Do you understand that the share of farming in GDP also decreased due to increased industrialization in India. Indian GDP grew a lot since 1990 but the farming income didnt grow at the same high rate, reducing the share of farming. It doesnt directly mean that the farming income reduced!!
In our country one side farmer is throwing his tomatoes crop in waste land becoz of he can't sell his crop other side super markets are selling at high prices in cities.
The blood of 700 farmers is still owed to Modi
If 5 cows get killed  instead of 5  farmers then it it more important for BJP and RSS.
Showing the clips from media houses that did not do their research on the farm bill topics do not help.  Glad that the Indian Government does not lick the boots of the so called masters anymore and does what is good for the Country.  Keep watching and you can do another video when the laws are passed.
why dont u guys come and settle not only u guys we are also farmers
It's all the middleman in the name of farmers and the nexus.. stop naming as farmer protest
If you're stating the truth then say ki farmers have to negotiate not dectate terms.
tax the farmers , on their income (like we regular folks) !!! everyone needs to pay taxes on their income.. they are completely exempted ... why!!!
can't farmers sell to any one including apmc,if corporates is not giving them right price can't they sell it to apmc again..
We support farmer.. But not who spread propaganda...
I stand with farmers.
Best coverage video of farmers protest so far
Just i wana say that please support farmars its not only for them its also related to us at the end everyone do work for food soo please share this and support them 
India's economy has been hamstrung by it's socialist leanings since it's independence from the UK.  It never became a major manufacturing power because it overly protected its domestic manufacturers.  It seems like Modi wants to break the socialist policies in agriculture, but the small farmers won't accept this.  As long as they persist in this action, India will continue to be held back.
Modi=godi media +andh bhakts +what's up university
Till date farmers were constrained to in mandi where the buyers are usually brokers who stock the produce to control the price and most of the farmers are taking loans from these brokers. 
Politicians get paid while farmers do NOT.
This open the way for the startups. Also farmer could directly sell on Amazon, flipkart also ?
Govt in Punjab is also controlled by these very influential Rich farmers' lobby.
Its fake, it's was a conspiracy they were not real farmerss, they were bought people aka so called farmers who did this, we have credibility in farmers protest
They repealed bcoz election are coming in Punjab fuck politics
But the bjp is going to win up elections anyway. Jab EC hi mantri ji ki jeb me ho to aur kya hoga.
Farmers win government loose "truth"
Let me clear I'm not a bjp supporter at all.. but seems bhai your completely against bjp.. do u really think this fear.. you should blame person not to party..
Abhi o intermediately agar company se gush leke farmers ko galat contact mae sign kar dia toh.
Educated farmers only present at Punjab an hariyana .In whole country they only can understand the farmer's bill....so whole countries farmers should support then and start Delhi chalo movement very soon
Thank you farmers for everything
Election rally me Covid 19 Virus Nahi failta kya???
We don't want see modi and faces..farmers  asking  M.s.p
This farmer protest is becoming larger by everyday . Farmers from other 10 states have joined this protest .
Modi is acting like an autocratic dictator, slapping UAPA NAPA SEDITION cases indiscriminately on journalists, environment activists, comedians etc.
Him behind Bar for Good, Joy BHARAT JOY BJP JOY MODI Ji JOY YOGI Ji.
Reality is Farmers Know their Betterment more than any Politician.Because they Work in field not in Air conditioning Room.
the FARM BILL 2020 protest in Punjab and Haryana are completely political has got nothing to do with reforms and betterment of supply chain. revenues through mandi commission and middle men controlling vote bank politics is the issue!
The new Farm laws were welcomed all over 27 states in India and only one state is protesting that is the state of Punjab, with a provincial Govt led by the key opposition party to the current Federal Govt.. India wants to bring in reforms, but then the current Modi led Govt. shall have never underestimated the power of collective strategic misinterpretation, misinformation, and misrepresentation. The collective laziness of a large group who doesn't want to fathom the importance of minor nuances in life. It often begins with that one mind who empirically wants to stir the collective unintelligence to collective stupidity. This individual or group of individuals should be stopped by all means before it becomes a trend. 
What has relation between farmers bill repealed and UP election?
Meghnad has, perhaps intentionally, not explained that the process of price discovery just fails in the APMC mandis because the licensed middle men collude together rather than competing against each other and quote a single price which is always equal to or very slightly more than the MSP. This is simply because the whole APMC system itself is stupid from the very inception and directly facilitates this.
12. Somehow these brokers / middlemen are able to buy the Produce of our farmers at a lower price and these produce do not reach the Mandis, but to the retailers at a much higher price.
We don't need a prime minister like Modi .....he has shown us the worst he can do to our country India.He is the main reason for every protest and problems ...Every person is suffering a lot today.Shameful government of India with these type of leaders and also with there blind supporters.
Our PM is a cruel, inhuman by nature, kudos to our  Indian farmers. 
Farmers all over the developing world are given a serious raw deal, but thats how a "free market" economy sadly works.
How many farmers committed suicide last year? How many bussiness men committed suicide? Why?
Only Punjab's farmers don't represent farmers of whole India. Farmers from states other than punjab are welcoming farm bills(various videos are there for proof) & even some set of farmers from punjab are  proponents of the bill. Moreover there are people in protest who are actually middleman but disguising to be a farmer.
It is clear that, like the opposition parties, you have a bias against these bills.
BBC journalists should not ask such questions which appear to be against farmers, rather journalists' duty is to show the reality on the ground. they can do analysis in studio /office or news room / editors chamber
Support Indian people
The look on that farmers face at 12:45 is just hoorible to behold.
As Govt. failed to communicate the benefits of new bills at ground level to each n every small farmers...
I stand with farmers of india
I belong to a farming family ....what my family demands is...strict rules on msp....we need no coorporates...just reduce influnce of arthis and give us the power to decide prices .....and neither bjp nor congress , we hate both of you ....because one is responsible for prevailing system and other loves coorperates............and one more thing .... apna gyan tab baanto jab kisi kisaan se baat ki ho apne facts apne pass rakho ....aisa kisne keh diya ki hum himachli apna seb kisi dusri state me nahi bech sakte ? Aur in bills se bech payenge .....fools ....we sell our apples in other states.
UP election coming .so that BJP know the result .thats why they try to change the result their own favor...but farmer should  have carefull ,because this government is very clever.
I agree with most of your videos and content but farm laws were not that exploiting in nature there were provisions for farmers appeal, land can never be ceased in the contracts. Farmers form largest voting section I don't think govt is that dumb that it would let it's DM who are point of appeal to collude with corporate
CAPTAIN BHI MODI KA DALLA HAI SIR.  I SALUTE U FOR UR COURAGE AND HONESTY. SUPPORT FROM A SMALL CITY IN WEST BENGAL
Chaudhary sahib public ke comments apke virudh pedh ker muje sharam aa rhe hei ,apko apne name ke age Choudhary hta dena chahiye ,myself also Chaudhary , app desh videsh mein BJP ki chapluci ke liye itne badnam ho chuke hein , ki apko choudhary ke meaning bhi bhul gye hein, sareaam gaddi kisano ko kuchal rhi hei , tu ulta kisano ko keh rha hei ki yeh admi kisano ne mare. Apse request hei ki ap google per Chaudhary ke meaning search kro
 Then they came for the farmers 
2. The essential commodities and non perishable crops, grt explanations and the marginal control to be exercised by centre for keeping prices in a range. Does not seem to work already, we have a glut of sugar, mills need to export it and govt is not allowing this. Net result non payment of dues to farmers for over a year. No explanation why we cant export sugar. 
Our well deserving farmers must get good money, amounts for their product we sincerely thank them for their hard earnings .God bless
Was there or why wasn't there input of such a professional analysis into response from the government side in the recent farmer protest to make the protesting farmers understand better the intricacies involved in overall pricing of agricultural products
Answer is farm bill is gud 
>> These laws will end Monopoly of the so called Mandis & remove middlemen control from over the farmer's produce, Get private investment in agriculture sector be it storage facilities, technology improvement & infrastructure services among other things. Plus, we are having of surplus of grains that is rotting after fulfilling the export orders & importing other commodities. These laws also look towards future & getting this problem sorted. The government of India has already in specific clarifications replied to all the doubts raised by the farmers & requested to bring flaws of the new laws that they can further rectify. As there is always room for improvement in the ever changing scenarios. The existing laws were drafted 6 decades ago when we had shortage of a lot of basic necessary commodities. So the change is inevitable. The government has also clarified that the land cannot be put in question in any of the contract farming agreements. (btw, contract farming has been successfully active in my country since a decade now).
The BJP played a dirty game-  criminals hijacked farmers rally and placed Deep Sindhu's among farmers to savatage it.Save Farmers ..
The Farmers Produce Trade & Commerce (Promotion & Facilitation) Bill
Weak pm backed off against radical can't free temple's appeases everybody but hindu one who should i vote against national election any suggestions?
Says he cant afford bread and hes a fucking wheat farmer, the systems broken
India will never ever grow or advance under democracy.....good luck stay poor farmers
When farm billed passed bjp supporter said MASTERSTROKE
The 2nd law will also provide farmers with facilities like insurance and healthcare by big companies
I completely agree with you and stand by our farmers.
scared modi scared modi today is just lakhs of farmers marched tomorrow it will be millions out side vidhan sabha
Lol. India has always been in this case that they don't give others dues. Pakistan stands firmly with our Sikh brothers there and Muslims in Kashmir. They have been suffering with radical Modi and Hindus.
Why are farmers protesting ?.  Because they are fearful of change...change is not easy ....but if we start looking at future then it will be fruitful....hope better sense prevail on all protesting farmers...you all are Ann data for us...
What you have done and said today takes so much humility and courage. Though the laws were beneficial, at least many south Indian farmers believe so, you have taken a huge step Sir by repealing. To rethink decisions made with so much hard work, to undo what one does takes a different kind of substance. 
Justice in favor of Farmers, Govt immediately should repeal all agri farm laws and work for Farmers and common people in country and not to work for Ambanis and Adanis
And also why no punishment to Taini for killing innocent farmers protest silently with vehicle????
>Even with the new bills in place, can't large scale buyers form cartels and push prices below MSP ?
Very clearly and lucidly explained the amended farm bills. 
I came looking for BJP supporting people or what ever ... I found none 
Stand with farmers
Plz Indian's  support farmers 
So the next time you see Indian farmers trending you will know a little more about ....... not really. You havent even started at the tip of how one side this version is. So NO NO NO no one will know it better until they do see both the sides.
Do the farmers of India you must defeat this neoliberal takeover. You must
Bro tumhari video to nhi dekhi but its better an independent step to break old laws and applying new and perfect system for our farmers 
1. The govt. said they will always have MSP (minimum support price).
If Kisaan does not want those kisaan bill for them why illiterate Modi dont understand it he should start making tea , leave it chai wale fuddu Modi
Survival argument by the farmers which won the day.  Hurray to suffering farmers.
Mobocracy wins over democracy it's regional issue of Punjab and Haryana..who will compensate other parts of India.
Sir situation is more worse then its appearing! I'm son of a farmer and we have 2 crops in a year, if we sell it to government they credit it in 2-3 months.. almost farmers are in debt and I'm very sorry to say this but soon there intrest on loan will be soon higher then there income and many will suicide! If i break our income....we pay 30% to the workers which are also earning just  200/day( they works for 90~120 in a year) another 40% are used in electricity, pesticide cantrol and for renting tractor and machine...in the rest income we're paying intrest of KCC, paying due loan amount  and not have a sufficient amount for fulfilling ours needs...why farmers can't save money? Can't afford luxury? Can't invest? Nothing!!!!
Top of all farmers are not stupid to protest from last 6 month if these bills were so beneficial for farmers.
I am not sure about your mindset, as it seems to oppose the Govt for anything without constructive idea...I suggest rather sticking to MSP or to repeal all 3 laws, it would have been better to force the Govt to make the necessary changes in the existing laws for the welfare of farmers...yeh laws ko wapas karwane se political people ka & yeh you tube channels walon ka hi benefit hua hai...actual kisaan ka only loss hi ho raha...yeh 'Deshbhakt' wale bhi chutiya hi kaat rahe...better hota ki suggest karte to force the Govt to have the required laws for the welfare of farmers...aise to again 0 par hi aa gaye...koi improvement nahin...MSP is not a long term solution plus aise protest karke kisi bhi law ko wapas karwane ka tareeka will be dangerous in future...lekin ch*tiyon ko samajhta nahin...only politics chamkani aur paisa bana rahe apna, gareeb kisaan ke naam par...gareeb kisaan aaj bhi pareshan hai...
Farmers have lost- those who do hard work and does not get the share they should get.
Wheat and rice and other agriculture products depend on market. That is reality.  That why only rice and wheat farmer protesting.  What remember rate is down if competition grows.  Look at bihar rate is down after finishing mandi act and consumers get cheap products.
Your comment  about open market is failed in developed countries is not correct. Also hoarding at large scale is not economical. Point you missed here is economies of scale. Economies of scale favors consumers. Thats why in developed countries food is cheap. This is going to be good for the nation in long term. But farmers need assurance that they will get govt subsidies to compensate for the lower price. Many developed countries (including US) Govt give subsidy to farmers.
4. Instead of MSP why cant the government give the farmers atleast 60% of the market value.
Indian farmers and workers held the biggest industrial action in human history with over 250 million people out on strike. wow
But we all know it's just becoz to bahalo and bewakoof banauoing of common people to win elections. The big goal 2024..the most flexible party in the history. BJP..it is white that they will do whatsoever to win!..but really in present times..it's something revolutionary of farmers of Punjab Haryana..shikh community contribution to india is unmatchable..salute to their humanity . courage and big ..and really ur T-shirt is kinda representative of to this ..proud of all Punjab Haryana farmers and people.. democracy is achieved and still alive because of you people salute .
I finally understood what the farm bill is all about.
So poor farmer will keep on suffering
Kindly make congress mukt india ..then oly v indians can live peacefully ...
If modi is so confident of farmer profit 
Shame on modi calling Sikh farmers terrorists.
If u have to speak about farmers, talk about farmers who are poor and have small land holdings ... the farmers protesting at the site were not them ...these farmers are farmer witharge holdings who take all the benefit and exploit small holdings poor farmers. 
im so confused here, theydidnt take anything away from them. more freedom was given what the took out of the equation was the government babysitting every farmer... put your big boy pants on and do business yourself
 comman farmer's
Ye to hona hi tha aap farmer se lad nahi sakte 
Gift for farmers? Do you even know what the word 'gift' means?  The farmers have been protesting for almost a year, we cannot even begin to imagine the difficulties they have had to face. Repeal of the contentious farm laws is no gift but a long due obligation.
2. Government started cracking down this protest after riots broke out and these farmers captured Red fort. They unfurled a religious flag in place of Indian National flag which sent waves of emotions around the country. What these farmers did on 26th Jan ie Republic Day in India is similar to what Trump's supporters did in Capitol Hill. If you support these farmers you support Trump. Choice is yours. 
Big cry day for Andhbhakt, modiji accepted demands of khalistani Deshdrohis 
Also the MSP is above the global rate making it unsustainable . On top of it , 70% of the MSP goes to only Punjab and Haryana , which contributes less 7% of the Indian population.  States like Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , West Bengal are being neglected due to this .
Stand with farmers of India
Be always  alert,keep eyes and ears open, bjp can any lowest possible thing to torpedo this movement ,kisaan mazdoor ekta zindabad BJP murdabad.
So this comment is for all those wo are saying ki this is a wrong decison got it tum kisaan ho ? unke liye yeh law the or jb unko hi manzoor nhi tum logo kyu itni fikr ho rhi hai unko pta hai what is wrong for them and what is correct so aap sb ko unki faltu ki chinta nhi krne ki koi zarurat nhi and those all are saying iske karn india ka nuksaan hai in khalistani ke karn to yeh to government ko bhi pta hai na unho ne kuch soch smjh ke liya hoga decision to tum logo ko apna dimakh lgane ki jada zarurat bs apne ghr mein bethe boli jaanrhe ho udhe jaakr dekh kr aye hue 1 saal se bhi zyada hogya or vo apne ghro se door udhr peacefully protest kr rhe hai or 800 se zyada ki death hui hai to ghr pe beth ke hr koi bol skta hai kangna bhi bol rhi thi but hua kya jo hona chahiye tha bilkul shi or sch and fair. Jai hind.
Panjabis and the panjab farmers are recognized for their honest relationships.  They trust people easily, but trusting modi is costing the farmers........
There are so many things missing about the farm bills.
Kamal hai na, At the time of delhi riots police no clue from where miscreants came and when it comes to the farmers they kept concrete walls, water canon, cranes and trucks loaded with sand on every entrance possible with 10 mtr concrete walls. Really i am enjoying the democracy ka nanga naach.
Certainly, Indian farmers need a change and get the better price for their produce. But they can't expect better result in the same old system, something should change. Years ago I was thinking, if I can build a mobile app where farmers can sell their crops but I couldn't because current system doesn't allow.  Love Farmers.
No wonder why India is not developing.. PM shouldn't have done this. But I m sure he is more informed about so I support whatever he decides..
A handful farmers of punjab have blocked the roads of delhi & this is a direct offence against people of NCR Government of India is soft on these people  although they have created big nuisance The organisers & participants of this unethical activities need to be taken to court for troubling fellow citizens by blocking roads. They are wrong but even if had  they been right they had no right to cause nuisance & trouble residents of another state. So a big thumbs down to this so-called Andolan 
3. Farmers can hoard not industrialists !!
These three controversial laws are utterly against all that is whoever eat food and whoever own agricultural land. He is speaking supporting the laws that is why we in Tamil Nadu listen to the 'Manki Bhaat programme,  Why don't he face the media persons directly, why don't he face the questions of media persons.?
I think the Central Govt is hesitating to legalise MSP is because it then becomes a inflationary factor with diff farmer groups lobbying for higher and higher MSP.
His conclusions are same as that of the farmer demand. Please watch the full video.
My village nevert support this bills
There is plenty of open land ...Govt . does not need to take farmers lands.
These videos show that the average farmer is more intelligent than the prime minister of their country
Farmers are protesting in a very decent manner without any hindrance to the public.
Rakesh Tikait is a greedy and selfish man.
This is a highly polarized view of the farmer protest. The real situation isn't that bad which has been shown in this video.
#supportFarmers 
wen u eat then think abt that food which s grown by dese farmers .
why ? I am so shocked by Modi Ji decision why he is taking back I dont get it so shocked and surprised this should not have happen. Modi Ji why you bent in front of this Fake Farmers !! ?? Why #DontCancelFarmLaws #KeepFarmLawsBills
We NRI's from middle east countries support farmers.. Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan
Hey y dont you show the video where the jeep is crushing over the farmers. I believe that must have reached such a famous channel. ( godi media channel) . Its so funny that you are showing the shirts logo. I mean seriously i could be a better journalist. Showing this and provoking the citizens against the farmers..... shame on you. I really wish you(fake media) have a dark and dull future.
Jai jai Jawan,  kishan,  aam janta ekta & ... Hope SKM will achieve a great victory soon, in almost all issues ...
Indian Farmers 
The farmer is saying that farmers will vote against bjp govt because the policies Bill's imposed are against farmers
Richest farmer Robert vadra. Please help to other farmers to reach the same wealth.
Today a middle man is getting rich and farmers getting poorer. The farmers need to fight against this
Inflation-deflation shouldnt be a complain or a votebank issue anymore, Tech Agriculture more transparent work by Farmers UNION roll out, If not a political strife A centre verses state hold The transaction-advance for agriculture see to states and union thereof shall be transparent with no strife issue to begin with...reliance less owing to supply connect network#
Should keep going .. farmer don't starve .. you do..
When we say that it will pinch our pockets, is that not exactly what is keeping the farmer poor? Our reluctance to pay fair price is keeping them poor.
Make a video on america and other countrys farmer bills and there Income's and you will know why they are protesting
Finally someone talking real pain points in the bills... Tired of hearing about MSP and Land Grabbing.. these are real pain points in the bills and farmers and genral public should support on these only.. I am not supporting 26th January incident... I strongly condemn them.
People with power have become goons...ya Allah please save the  innocents and all farmers..ameen
Farmers should fight for decent pension and universal income too... they are souls of the nation not mere voters...
Not surprising he'd make a radical change like this since he up and nullified a Indian currency bill virtually overnight putting the nation into a panic
Thanks NDTV for media coverage of farmers protest..
#SupportFarmersProtest
We dont even know these were farmers as many NGOs have funded these protests. Religious groups are involved in this protests- no doubt. When India is ready to give minimum support price, the farmers protesting is against their own interest. In fact, there is pressure from Canada, UK, US and Australia as India would grow stronger than these countries if the bill is implemented. Well take care of our internal affairs. Other countries should take care of their business and not interfere in this.
MY FATHER IS ALSO A FARMER HE HAVE NOT ANY PROBLEM TO THIS BILL HE SAID IT IS GOOD MOVE BY GOVERNMENT AND ALSO WE ARE UNDER KISAAN KRISHI YOJNA.GOVT GIVE US 8000 FOR BUY SEEDS. THAT'S WHY WE DON'T OPPOSE OUR GOVT THIS 8000 COMES EVERY YEAR WITH RESPECT TO CROP SEASON 4000 IN FIRST SIXTH MONTH AND 4000  NEXT SIXTH MONTH SO DEFINITELY IT IS GOOD MOVE.
Dear samdish , I have been watching your journalism which is quite impressing that how real journalism is still alive , great representation of freedom of speech you supporting . I am much much thankful to you grateful to you and I owe you a great tribute for your fearless , courageous  real and unbiased journalism. My only request to you is that ki kbhie zindagi mei zee tv ya AajTak wagera trh bikna mtt  I have been watching your all videos , all off the records videos nd other contents you have been doing great job , may God bless you. You are nailing in this job. Best of luck. You super good and nice person...I wish to meet you someday  lots of love from this delhite  all the best 
3. The farmer won't lose. It at all, it is the buyer who would face increased prices, but then the govt can at any time being those into essential commodity list.
Good presentation, i think he missed some part such as taxation part in mandi, govt have also imposed taxation in apmc but outside it is tax free, this strategy will push traders to deal outside apmc mandi n this is also 1 reason for farmer protest..also that they feel they will get dominance from private player so they need msp as a legal act in india to protect their survival..thirdly the process of proceeding against such contract taken place is also a point of disagreement by farmers...these points have missed out..
FARMERS SHOULD NOT BE SUBJECT TO PRICES SET BY PRIVATE BUYERS BECAUSE THEY CAN FORM AN ALLIANCE TO GIVE HARD WORKING FARMERS WHATEVER PRICE THEY SET. DO NOT GIVE UP FARMERS
Only logical solution I feel, MSP must be increased. APMC's must be abolished immediately as they are totally controlled by politacians who are drinking blood of farmers. Ie
Only discussed Selective issues which are in favour of so called farmers. The laws have many good provisions as well. I think issues should be discussed holistically free from bias to any stakeholder.
Sorry, this is not a kishan aandolan. It was the vested interests and oppositions' game plan to harass a democratic govt of Modi, because Modi is not a lootera or chor .Instead, the honest and nationalist PM stops their loot and compel them to spend sleepless nights. Tikayet and company are merely their agent.
Please say how it affect paddy farmers in kerala
Pakistani here, and I pass my heart and support to the Indian farmers. 
Just one question..if you were a farmer would you be happy with the bill?
Where is godi media khalistani
Without a doubt, one of the biggest Revolution we have seen in the recent times and Farmer's succeeded, there coverage was only muffled by the Godi Media. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
Sir this Bill will destroy farmers
But it is not good for farmers who want to change with time
Plz help farmers 
Mam, I would like question you one of this system is do successful why are American farmers still poor. Why there is so much suicide rate over there? Not only that why are produce of the price so high that led to obesity in USA. If this system is it so unsuccessful?
I love u brothers ....it was all  necessary ..to unite us ...it will get end  ...we will win our farmers
Canada is partially responsible for this bill, they opposed indian government giving subsidy to farmers in WTO. They say something and do something else, that's hypocrisy if you ask me.
I would love tata and other big companies to join and support the farmers
It is not in the interest of small and marginal farmers.
Farmers Stillcan sell anywhere my dear
That's the only solution sir.. I'm also a Farmer's son. So i feel all the problems..
Government worked too hard to defame the farmers
We can't live without farmers because if our farmers suffers we will automatically suffers !!
If Punjab, Haryana protest then they are Khalistanis 
All these bills are extremely good. Myself a farmer welcomes the bills wholeheartly.
Govt should make reforms in APMC it shouldn't handover our farmers to corporates.
Nice vedio sir but if govt think that there are so many benefits of new farm law then why not govt becomes middle between farmers and private players and why not earn benefit and provide MSP to farmers .
in 1976 there was 4100 mandis in india with area served 752km
Do a story on how Facebook suspended the farmers movements facebook page sighting security flaws.  Facebooks trying to protect it's business interests in India. protecting the interest of billionaires like Adani and the ambanis.
Yogi, shameless cruel cm, india everseen
Power of farmers.
This bills are beneficial for all India.
So if the rioters in the US capitol are not called protestors anymore then why are you calling these farmers protest who literally did the same thing to Indias Red Fort? They have been holding nations capital hostage for months. Those so called peaceful protesters beat up cops and damaged national property. Way to show double standards Trevor! You just showed one sided story. Why is it that the rest of the country is not protesting and its only two richest states in India (Punjab and Haryana) that are up in arms? Those rich middlemen will not have their cushy commissions any more because farmers would not be limited to sell it to them in the exchange (Mandi) but can sell it to anyone who can give them the price they want? Yes farmers can still sell it to mandis like they do today if they want but would not be restricted to that. Free markets which are great for US and all developed nations  are suddenly bad now? Why? I dont think you even understand those three new laws.
I don't think any user in comment box uses BSNL sim or travel in air india flight... Whatever products they are using in personal life comes from so called corporates..And cost are reasonable because of fair competition. But some ppl are creating  havoc against corporates.
Any govt whether it is in power or not would not want the farmers to become rich coz if they do then what false promise for betterment will the fight for ? Actually any Govt would not want the poverty problem to be solved as thier power and importance revolves around the poor.
Unfortunately debt will have to be paid by small farmers which would have got the most advantage from three farm laws. 
We're they farmers?????
THE POINT YOU MISSED IS THAT THIS BILL IS OPTIONAL IF YOU WANNA SELL IN APMC GO APMC AND IF YOU WANNA SELL TO PRIVATE GO TO PRIVATE (CONTRACT)
Modi's end game is gonna be a nasty affair. Pray for India.
What would kill you faster starvation, or Corona. Food is critical THING  to any nation... Ask any entrepreneurs, businesses always want to invest less and earn more. So if are you buying and selling food stuff, you will want to buy cheap and sell them at a higher price. This is dangers of an open Market. During the Pandemic have seen videos of farmer disposing potatoes in field in the USA and am sure there are Americans would have appreciated it on their tables but what can you do it an open Market
Procurement on MSP should be made into a law , it's a farmers legal right.
Indian agriculture is highly inefficient right now when it comes to pricing and distribution. This being the main reason for farmer's financial struggle.
Thank you so much for such a beautiful concept (clearance) talk sir.  would like to ask one small doubt. can the government contract farmers (for the products which suppose government wants to procure for NFSA)??  if no, why??, if yes, then in case of disputes, farmers would be at disadvantage since executives are only involved in justice administration.
The current farmers protests are being instigated and sponsored by vested interests who fear that their monopoly will end once alternative marketing channels open up for farmers. They are least bothered about farmer's welfare and are only concerned about their own revenue. An example is the State Government of Punjab which stands to lose about 13% of revenue if agri business switch to alternative platforms from current mandis. This is because Punjab State Government currently earns around 13% of it's revenue from the fee it imposes on Mandis. Hence so many farmers from Punjab have been brainwashed and are being sponsored to go and protest in Delhi
You and the people behind "Think School" are brilliant. The only problem in these 3 farm bills is "MSP". Can your team study and explain as to why is the Govt not regulating the MSP. Thank You
By repealing these laws , bjp karayakartas and candidates will get entry into villagers during Punjab 2022 elections' campaign.
I watched patiently 5:00 min for him to explain the reasons and still he has not explained it.  Lets get this straight Punjabi/Haryanvi farmers are the biggest beneficiaries of MSP. Its a previlige and maybe due to policital reasons. How come we dont see other farmers from different up in arms ? Secondly, the ecommonic commodities act is anachronistic law from 1960s and 1970s. It does not allow anyone to stock on certain essential items. Removing this law will allow entites like wholesale dealers to stock up and help in price fluctuations like in onions and potatoes. There is nothing wrong with this from an economic efficiency point of view.  As Rumi said...this too shall pass.
Pls... listen.... farmers...words and pain
And people try to justify this injustice by telling these farmers are from opposition party.
Thanks bro  for support farmers 
Not all farmers in India are protesting only farmers from 2 or 3 states.
So to boil this whole thing in simplest possible form: Indian farmers doesn't want to set their own prices with capitalistic systems, instead they want to let other people set their prices? If they can organize protests this size i think they can organize some sort of consensus on minimum and highest prices what comes to their produces.
Why this punjab and haryana farmers are doing this. Their are many other farmers in india they are not doing this only Punjab have problem by this
Why they need Gurudyar in farmer protest site, why religion include in movement
They aren't farmers. They're khalistanis. You must do your research before putting up this video.
I hope sincerely, that government listens to them in peaceful contact...and pray my farmer brothers to be patient and protest unless they are listened to, which I believe they will be listened to, they don't have other choice...
We support farmers
when the farmers were protesting you guys cheered them on, you are responsible for this mess equally
So sad to see this...but the most stupid thing is to read the comments where few are trying to justify this violent act of farmers in the name of demanding their rights...
I think P.M is giving jhansa . U. P aur Punjab mein chunav hai. Statemnt by Modi has no legal value. Formation of committee is clear cut indication of jhansa. Farmers must be very very careful. Andolan must continue till bill is cancelled by Parliament and MSP legalised.
Now few people say that farmers are not so educated to understand online procedures.
The central ministers showed more urgency and planning for the rallies in municipal elections in Hyderabad than the farmers issues.
Salute the farmers
To farmer exploits hoge na
I think these all so called farmer's leaders are traitors, the central government should take very strict action against these low life traitors.
Now it is clear that these bills are in favour or farmers. Actually, big farmers will definitely get benefit and small farmer may get a small benefit. But again, small farmers can make their union (right now there are many unions of the farmers), and these unions can negotiate with the private sectors. By this way also, small farmers will get benefit.
listen up !! yes the bills did have loopholes , but this channel is so so biased , they start their conversations by discrediting any decision that that the bjp makes , i think you need to be less biased , analysis part of the video was great , out standing  but why take a side and then talk , why brainwash people in the very starting of the video !!
With this move BJP might not win the next loksabha election
Kisan majdoor ekta jindabaad  please support the farmers 
BBC should conduct this kind of positive interview before spreading the negative narrative on Farmers Bill.
Rather than showing one sided views, tell the people that government support has been so much to the farmers in punjab that they are guzelling out ground water so much that the whole state might soon face water crisis. Show that the farmers in these states get the maximum amount of subsidy as compared to other states and many of the farmers get subsidies worth lakhs per year. Even the opposition wanted to introduce thes bills when they were in power. I understand their concerns but these protests are mostly baseless and not right
- The paddy bought from this farmers by the government is given at 90% subsidy to the poor and 30% goes to waste 
Farmers says I can take guarantee for your marriage but how can I take guarantee if there will be no child birth after your marriage.
THESE BILLS ARE MUST IF WE WANT OUR FARMER BREHTREN TO RISE OUT OF THE EXPLOITATION THEY WERE SUFFERING FOR THE PAST 70 YEARS. BUT ALSO PROPER ADDRESSING OF THE LOOPHOLES SHOULD BE DONE.
Why dont you give solutions as well and even write to government. Only on the basis of possible problems is it fair to discard the laws ? Farmers can join the hands and can get rid of the problem. Declining morale values is the basic of every problem and that needs be taken care of.
thanks to Modi for uniting us against EVIL... 
You must upload these content in hindi as well. Most of the population is still unaware about pros n cons of this bill. The more people understand the more clarity will be in opinion of decision making about this bill.
If the 'big daddy' wants the farmers to produce Genetically Modified product neither the consumers nor the farmers have any choice and the same goes for farm inputs like fertilisers, pesticides etc. 
u said that there are loopholes in the bills becoz of which farmers are protesting, but thing is many farmers  doesn't even know the clear picture of these bills(even many educated people), then how come they are so concerned about the loopholes the thing is that the middleman is making it a political war and these farmers are their soldiers in which most of them doesn't even know the actual thing...
First time it seems that our government is scared of rich farmer's false propaganda.. 
What a sad day for India. The farmers lost, the nation lost, the middlemen won
This is business strategy ! Not farmer reform !!
b) Indian government (BJP) and farmers
I understood these bills after an year of dharna by farmers.
Many Khalistani flags seen in the beginning of video. 0:02, 0:09 . But as usual ignored by leftist Vice media. Punjabi farmers who grew fat rich due to govt. buying larger share of total crop produce from punjab at inflated price, despite having lesser production than states like MP now feel threatened that farmers from other state will now have equal competition. That's why only punjabi farmers are protesting and rest are not.
Doesn't the Farmers deserve "Financial Freedom"? Essential Commodities Amendment Act is good because it helps to reduce wastage of perishable goods, pulses and cereals. It will help to eliminate seasonal price variances. It will help to establish evenly supply of goods.
It's sad to see these illiterate farmers and their so-called "leaders" with vested interests protesting for something fictitious like thinking that government will stop providing MSPs to farm produce. To those who don't know a dime about the Indian Agriculture system, my advice is Google a little and gain some knowledge about the dire issues that this law intends to address. It would have been fine if farmers were protesting after the govt. has taken back the MSP support which is never gonna happen because no political party is dumb enough to lose farmers' vote which is about 70% of the working class (it's a huge number believe me) by cutting down MSPs. 
Actually there is nothing wrong with new farn bills.but if you see from farmers perspective they argue that big farming companies will exploit farmers .i dont know why?
Govt. Of India should  allow Tikait to linger the agetation upto the time he becomes alone. After election of UP.election ends. The Income Tax an ED should be allowed to inquire his property.
Isne farm bills to explain he nhi kiya bass APMC k disadvantage btayi hai for your kind information madam sirf Punjab he nhi Haryana and Bihar bhi farm protest mei shamil hai,, ye vo log hai jo padhe likho ko bhi pagal bna rhe hai bakwas video
Its a big victory for farmers in the history of independent India.I bow down to all farmers who died during this farmers protest.
Farmers are not stupid
The middle man, rich farmers will get more benefit. Small farmers will stay poorer same as they were 10 years ago.
I don't understand how the farmer bears the cost of cultivation - you mentioned that the as per agreements corporates will supply all necessary resources and the farmer has to provide only manpower. But then you contradict yourself by saying later in the video that the farmers will have to bear costs of cultivation and the pitfalls in market .... How is this possible?
Also you need to clear who is going to pay the tax to gov. As far as i know they are not farmers who paid the tax.
Very nice documentary.....good work The Lalantop. I was waiting this type of reporting. Yes i am farmer and i can talk, write and speak English. #farmerprotest #isupportfarmerprotest #nofarmernofood
Oh dear Trevor, you didnt disable the comment section and that alone is standing with an indian farmer 
if agriculture subject is state ,how could central government make laws on it .Apart from that , without the gurrrenty minimum support price how it can double the income of farmers.
Unacceptable to any farmer  .
Bullsh*t we didn't vote for the government to repeal the law it already made due to some stupidly stubborn people illegally obstructing and destroying public property with no proper argument. Why does the farmers of other state have to suffer because some nonsense farmers from Punjab and Haryana. Progess of the country comes first
Centre govt could have done much better if they really are concerned about farmers.
Proud of you farmers of our country 
Backwash antifarmer
2. All electric tractor, rotavator, harvester, thresher like farm equipments.
why is india so extraordinarily bad at prioritizing ecological concerns when hindu religion declares basically all aspects of nature holy and emphasizes its purity? how do they keep ignoring problems like how they discharge most of the sewage from adjacent communities untreated into their "holy" rivers, and do the same with industrial waste? I get that the vast majority of indians are too poor to decide how they individually live, but SOMEBODY in india is making these decisions to just keep shitting on nature figuratively and literally! india can afford to improve things!
I think that modiji passed this  bill  for farmers.  farmers are not happy so for whom modiji is making bill
Now farmers of India  will be able contribute % in GDP
Modi is the best we support modi
Props to Modi for letting go of his ego and listen to the farmers. Real leaders listen to the people and correct themselves when they are wrong. 
I am with modi ji but against the kissan bill.
jai ho modi Ji india respect every decision taken by you
I think a lot of people are forgetting this: They are labelling the entire "Corporate World" under a single banner, which is definitely not the case. There are so many players in the market, and farmers can now actually choose which company they want to sell to. If all goes well, a state can be associated with a particular company for a particular crop. Its kinda similar to what happened with Amul in Gujrat. Farmers can actually choose if they want to sell to that company or not, and if they dont, or find some better deals some other places, they can sell their crops there as well...
Modi jhuth bol ra hai Sare india mai to lockdown tha
These bills can potentially give rise to a rural middle class. There could be a lot of interest even among city folks to venture into agriculture as a business opportunity. India's growth in the last 30 years has come from metro cities. India's growth in the next 30 years is going to come from the hinterland. These bills are a step in that direction.
3. THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
They have a habit of without discussing passing laws...so everybody should support farmers now..
BBC news always present the indian news against indian govt nd not show the ground reality of the report, may be BBC get money from pakistan to do that..
On Behalf of Farmers from India we Thank you BBC  India Media are sold out to BJP . 
Ma'am so  will these farm bills be beneficial for farmers because 81 % of them don't even know about the MSP system which is existing from a long time?
This is the first time I watched a 32 min video on farm bill...
This removal of law due to few groups might result to small farmers would suffer more
People's of BJP and supporters of Mr. Modi are violets the protest.
The Sikhs deserve Khalistan. The Republic of India must be split
After 11 round meeting, farmers are still at their stand, and 26 of jan, what happened every body know.
Ab election hone wala h up me isliye pm modi game to khelnge ...ye pehla game h pm modi ka...........pm modi ek ease politician h jo selfish h ......
These people are anti National, they are not farmers, these are cruel politicians
What about the pollution in Delhi...Its because of the farmers...Supreme court has asked them not to burn it but they still do...If a corporation owns the land government can fine the company,which is not possible with individual farmers
Indian #FarmersWon 
Madam you have explained  the problems of farmers in present government systems, but you have not explained that these three new bills will resolve these problems if yes than how.
Diesel and petrol are some of Most essential commodities and our pm who promised diesel at rs 35 is now charging rs 32 as tax alone... Which was rs 9 in manmohan Singh govt because half the consumption of diesel is by farmers that's why tax on diesel was very less whereas it was 18 rs on petrol ... Not it's almost same..... Nd same Modi promised that swaminathan report will be used for fixing MSP of crops and same govt filed an affidavit in supreme court that they can't enforce swaminathan report cause it will destroy the economy... pay of MPs and MLAs is increased about 200 times but no money fr farmers....This is a govt which can't be trusted... That's why farmers are asking for written laws not just promises
We support the farmers 
Agriculture is a state subject. States can repeal mandis like many states in India have done if they want. Why  must center bother about it? Center is never forced to buy crops from farmers of Punjab for their reserves, they can divert this fund to the farmers of West, South and Central India,
Thank you guys for putting a light on farmers problem
We stand with farmer.
Every Indian state has farmers, then why only Punjab farmers are protesting.
This bill will help the central govt to save huge amount that goes into buying their produce at stated MSP prices from Farmers and then selling at lesser prices in ration card welfare schemes... this deficit was a huge expense for govt to bear... After these reforms now corporates will have to bear the headache of Paying in full to the farmers & not the govt...as most farmers will be bound to sell the produce via contract farming only because the entire villagers are also selling that way...you see!
After turn over of Bjp Govt you may be fly out of India, You scoundrel Sudhir
3. Logistics airport and rail facilty must be created in pan india. Farmers can give their produce to this logistics airport and railway. Initially they will face some problems but they can. Here think about the income of farmers for the last 50 years it is same. Without eliminating this another 50 years will be same effect. Here we can't compare this segment with developed and developing. 
Farmers or goons
13:20 APMC   MSP   APMC   MSP  ? Bill 1   APMC  MSP     .      bureaucracy    ?
Thanks for your THOROUGH ANALYSIS of these 3 farm bills.If the bills are to succeed in future, central/state govts must implement MSP STRICTLY in case corporates start EXPLOITING THE POOR  FARMER.
I do think the govt should look at the loop holes,the legal framework would end up favouring the corporates.the farmer cannot go to court for years
(Just some constructive criticism) You guys joke about Newspaper Ads for Farmers and Migrant Labourers in English but never make these Explainer videos in Hindi. Atul Chaurasia is good, but he doesn't do a lot of detailed explaining.
Its humble request from me that all the people who support farmer protest should  join the kisan ekta morcha official page on every platform like twitter, YouTube, facebook... 
New fact for all of you guys ,,, even imf said before that's this farm laws is good for Indian farmers  but again politics won
UP election ne problem kr diya  nhi to BJP kha taiyar thi . Badhayi ho 
I'm not supporting government either and this laws cause they didn't structured well. Common farmer should understand it.
Any Farmers can study three bills and have knowledge about bills
People of Delhi should come out and support the farmers now to make our democracy strong again.
You should have added that the option of selling to FCI, directly to citizens at markets, and mandis at MSP remains open to the framer... So what farmers are demanding as legal MSP already exists and will continue to exist.... FCI has a very very important part to play. 
They are not protesting for farmers they are protesting against farmers!
As far as this lecture is concerned, I wonder if a startup company can develop the app for mapping crops sown during each season as well as sharing weather conditions information to benefit farmers? If the Govt. cannot do this on their own, they could encourage young entrepreneurs to develop such apps. 
India has more than 27 states and multiple union territories. Strange that only 1  state, which is rules by opposition is protesting the new farmer's laws while rest all states, many which are ruled by other parties are very happy with these new reforms. Check the propoganda beyond the headlines
So some farmer of 3 states brought down the bill for all states Wtf is this.
Whatever these farmers are saying is completely wrong. They were manipulated by opposition to think that these laws are going to take away their livelihood. 
ab congress bole gi wo rss bjp wala hai
Every coin has two sides... Same way this bill also... But the thing is Delhi k Delhi Mae rehte hue dam Nahi Sarkar Mae k aage aake face to face BAAT Kare kisano se..... 
It is nice changes then why farmer are protesting 
Papu n Kejruddin wanted to use farmers protest to win 2024 elections.
Punjab farmers are rich and bigger so they don't need to worry but imagine of small farmers who are going to die of hunger again
These laws are taken back not buz govt. Care about farmers it is buz of the election in Punjab, Uttarakhand etc.
Respect to our beloved PM for accepting the demand of farmers. Jai Modi Ji. Bharat mata ki jai. Vandemataram.
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for bthe welfare of farmers..
The Congress is playing dirty tricks to forment trouble in India. They sponsored the Shaheen Bagh agitations earlier too and Covid-19 lockdown spoiled it. The farmers agitation too boomeranged today.
This great news that Lobby is above real farmers, govt.
What the hell ex-congress minister say current BJP minister
@think school : I appreciate the way you have explained it. However, to change the dynamics in any sector, it is important we take steps every time required. The strategy you explained the big companies will follow is true, but that is the way how market works. Now, the bills are proposed with a very good intention and it will fetch farmers great relief and earnings for sure. It may become a problem in the 4th phase of control , then the way out is you change the law again to something more feasible and practical, tha's how we will grow right, we learn on the fly and make it better the next time we implement it. But just sitting and doing nothing will surely not help in any way. We should support the government if they are taking good steps. However, making MSP legal is something i also support. But other than that it looks like a big - positive step for the farmers.
Welcome MODI JI 
If you are serious pass MSP BILL
Large farmers have to invest more and work more , small farmers need to invest less and work less 
THIS Video fails to explain the role of middle man. Idea is to remove middle man. it also doesn't explain, how much money farmer receives when he sells to APMC. This new laws were enacted to remove middle man. (Bicholia.) Three top middleman are politicians.
Farmers shouldnt go back untill Law is actually been repealed and implemented.
People here in comments have problem with mia's photo, but they support what she write in support, I mean you see as a celebrity when she support you now if  someone  opposes, oh  that guy holding her photo (you don't even respect mia, you started thinking what she does )come on she don't even know what msp stands for, and standing for farmer, people asking celebrities farm laws are correct, instead of asking any agricultural guy, economist, mina  A business women,  rihana -singer,  greta -environmentalist + toolkit girl,  Trevor -let's not lost free attention and not discuss a law,
- farmer will have full power in the contract to fix SP (Support Price) - empowering the farmers
Good Job Farmers!
In this way monopoly of traders start again since it has no MSP & small farmers cant travel to sell their products.
Mam what you think... about...Dr.vikash divyakriti video of farmer act mam.......
You have stated that Government wants to move out of agriculture, without any supporting document, despite the Government stating that they are going to continue MSP on national TV.
Love farmers, love from  India
Government don't care about farmers at all. 
As a farmer son, In my experince farmers wont store any produce for long time because they need to pay their debts daily expences,  fear of damge produce and lack of storage infratstructure fo such small quantities. You are assumption make sense but thats not gonna happen in reality
IMHO farmers shouldn't forget what the BJP did, and they shouldn't give B*P a single vote at any cost. And the repeals of farmer bills isn't the grace of Mo*i, it's the result of the struggle of the honorable farmers.
Food Corporation of India was established with the same intention which Modi is now propagating with this new farm bill. 
Please protest farmers
This is hilarious, truth as evident as a day of light was not convincing for anyone in the Farmer community.
70% of the farmers have less than 5 acres - theyre not sophisticated enough to interpret such legal contracts.  Well explained.   Small farmers are screwed.
It's high time farmers and government sit together for a roadmap for liberalization of agriculture, otherwise farmers are already suiciding in thousands with or without the laws and it's already a business of loss until the farmer has lots of land. Finally government can't provide subsidies on subsidies to every farmer, he needs to face open markets. The people in most loss are however middle class tax paying people.
Brace yourselves, Indian right wingers incoming with pitchfork to defend their beloved Modi
Since when freedom to sell anywhere in India and the world at any price became a problem
Proud of u sis n love u lot.we feel proud we belongs sikh family.kisan majdur ekta zindabad.No farmer no food.respect farmers
A big congratulation to every single farmers of India who fought day and night long to take farmers bill back. And also happy to see only the kejriwal led govt. I.e AAP who openly came forward on this success to say that no political party can go against the will of a commoners. Govt. Must listen to the voice of a citizen not the  Political party forcefully implement the laws asper thier wills. India wants Arvind Kejriwal to be next PM of India soon .
This is one of the best documentary on burning topic of farmers protest  I hv seen .
These BILLs r long awaited in Farming community but some changes r needed. These bills r not going to bridge heaven and hell. AGRICULTURE needs a lot more refoms to address issues like low mechanisation,lack of formal credit, insurance facilities and so on. 3bills just provide enabling provisions for future.
And govt. will not withdraw 3 farmers law.... Burn
Any farmer here?
I AM A BENGALI..HINDU OF INDIA OCCUPIED WEST BENGAL.... SUPPORT AND LOVE FOR OUR BROTHERS OF PUNJAB....WE UNDERSTAND THE..PAIN OF PUNJAB.... BECAUSE BENGAL AND PUNJAB WAS ONLY PARTITIONED IN 1947 BETWEEN INDIA AND PAKISTAN
I SUPPORT THE FARMERS OF INDIA DEMANDS !!!!
The country will have to pay for this. Punjab, you've done it, congo. Highly disappointed by those rich evil farmer and middlemen, who for their own benefit  destroyed the golden opportunity for the poor farmers.
prime minister knew about the fact earlier when land acquisition ammendment bill in 2014..2015 was pushed through several ordinances but government Could not get it through rajya saba. The bill under repeal lacked taking the views of all the major stake holders.Here comes the proverbial haste of government they want to do every thing in hurry
But most farmers sell it outside APMCs as of now. And can transactions below MSP be recorded in APMCs? 
Good explanations about the bills. Several times you have said farmer's "produce" but it should say,  product. It is evidenly clear if bill get implemented, corporates will catch the product and fix up price as per "their" wish. For example Orid dhal' s high price going above rs 120 kg for the past one year. Reason simple Reliance is doing various type of farming, as well as through  joint farming together with    farmers by fixing rules, that after taking yield, it has to sell to " them" only. It is going in Andhra. Result is one or two parties will be having huge stock, and they can fix up the rate. It is happing in Orid dhal's case mainly, otherwise its price would have been rs 80- 85 per kg  range only now.
Very true farmers are always out
I may like Modi for one time, but Yogi never , he had done nothing for Up In 5 years- Bas naam change kiya, Crime chupaya aur faltu ka Hinduism ke naam ke picche politics krte rhe 
I was right. As small business and farmer I support farmers bill.  In my village not a single farmer went for protest. Farmers won't loss anything but common consumer may suffer slightly.
The corporates will give very good rates initially, then all the farmers will sell only to corporates.
Do you know how little middle men pay farmers for transporting crops to these vendors? 
stocking of essential commodity should be related to market price in the bill . So that market price largely remains the same with little fluctuation. Otherwise corporates will start maneauvering price in their favour.
You are supporting black laws by your headlines- 'Sarkar baatcheet ko tyar, fir kyun takrar'.
NGO's should set up a charity account to support the protesting farmers. The govt is just waiting fr them to run out of money. This is the time to help your fellow countrymen, our farmer brothers.
It's high time .... Let's support the protest  by our farmers. Kissan ugae nahi to Desh khayega kya ?? 
These new laws are modelled like that in US. And guess what, most of the agriculture there is controlled by a handful of corporates in the US. If these laws are allowed to exist, then the same will happen in India as well. Farmers will lose their land and livelihood.
Taking back the farm laws single handedly took back farmers 40 years back into the past. They should have accepted this without bowing down to the middle agents.. I feel sad for farmers for being mislead and I feel sad how important decisions can be pushed over using politics in India.
After UP election  , again farm laws will be introduced??????
Brother you do not have proper knowledge about  trading. You are saying if  i produce apple in Haryana then i cannot go and sell it to other state. Its already happening. We are already selling many items to other states. Farmers from Haryana and Punjab already selling sugar canes to UP and UP is selling wheat crops to Haryana and Punjab. Another example.. Delhi Ajadpur mandi is India's largest mandi and farmers near by states like Rajashthan, Haryana, Punjab and UP come to sell the fruits and vegetables here. Nothing is new in the bill. Bihar has open mandi network since 2006 and what is condition of Bihar's farmer. They come to Haryana and Punjab's farmer to work as labour .These bill are nothing but full control of corporate on every thing without any regulations. Farmers cannot approach to court which is the fundamental rights to each and every citizen.
Im Punjabi and this has nothing to do with this but these farmers are also known as jatts (a caste in our culture) used to tease/make fun of put me down about not being jatt to the point where it would really upset me as a young kid growing up I never cared about the caste system and still dont. I have know clue where Im going with this but Ill never forget what these people used to say and how theyd act towards lower castes
6 percent sell on msp because APMC is only in few states, u rr presenting misleading info, also ignoring real issues. APMC should be in all states.
Congratulations to the farmers.. history has been created. Always fight for injustice. Punjab was a leader in freedom fight. Repeated again.. Haryana utrakhnd up all have supported . Well done farmers protest jindabaad
Some of the facts needs to be corrected. Nearly 0.2 million farmers protested near Delhi border and not 250 million. 0.2 million out of 500 million!
I would humbly request you to cover another angle that is being ignored. The services done by our Farmers brothers at the Delhi borders for the local people, ensuring they are not uncomforted by this activity. And they are giving back to society even though themselves going through such hard times.
Bad for Indian farmers
11:24 The good thing is we have started discussing on farmer problems now.
Dhruv, i respect ur facts and reasons, but farmers, only saying that we want laws to be taken back, not colaborating in mediation was a bad thing!
Bai please cover one more latest video on farmers protest 
Slowly, but steadily, BJP is showing its colors...WAKE UP INDIA...no food without farmers....
Everybody in India wants their share of entitlements but no one wants to pay tax , they love to protest and demand their rights, but no one knows where the money is going to come from. to pay for all of this. Farmers want MSP subsidies, but money doesnt grow on trees. All these subsidies make the food they grow so expensive that the massive surpluses  cant be exported , is dumped in storage where it rots
The two things that speaks the truth in India is Supreme Court and some intelligent people of India who know that  what the BJP is doing.
Why the hell, this video is so underrated, it should be viral at the time of farmer protest!
1. As You Said Only 6% People Get The MSP and Farmers Don't Have Option To Sell Outside The Mandi's, Then Its In Their Hand To Sell To The Corporate World Or not. as Per Economics When Buyers Will Increase Surely The Price Will Increase 
1. Why did the farmer proceed before 12Pm which was agreed earlier?
For example,  although you know how to make roti or pizza, you cannot come to market, sell for profit. Ultimately,  you will look for a job in pizzahut. Imagine same for farmers- currently,  they are owners and not a slave. 
Ye to baht Jyada nautanki karne lage hain ye andolanjibi ...this is absolutely involvement of antinational elements ...Govt should take action against such elements immediately ...
NUMBER ONE STATE OF INDIA...WILL ALWAYS BE AHEAD OF OTHERS..THE PUNJABIS ARE GLORIOUS PEOPLE.NO BODY OR HUMAN POWER HAS THE GUTS TO FIGHT THEM BACK...ALWAYS ON THE MOVE....DARE AND BE DEFEATED....
Just a pakistani punjabi walking through reading diljit's tweets and laughed till i couldnt breath .. yeah we punjabis are crazy no matter our nationality:D
Thanks for reporting on farmers issue NDTV.. only hope in true and honest journalism
if our government have any good intention toward our farmers, then why are they treating them so poorly in Delhi as you have seen these days.(and if think those farmers are khalisthani, then there's no argument left!) It's clear that which side our government will stands, if anything happens in near future...
In bihar no mandi the farmers are rich ?? Kon unke ket se uthata ??
Can you throw some light on why Punjab farmers and Tikait sab are protesting? Actual loser is the salaried middle class and not farmers.
Sir My Moms Father is a farmer From Kokan and in this Situation My grandpa is Facing Sum Financial Issue Becuase No traders are Buying because in my Village Traders are less and Farmers are more So Could you please provide some Solution So that Uncle Could Sell I have suggested Him to Use Online app to sell his Vegetables and  Fruit So Pleass @abhiandniyu Please Provide me Solution Thank you and #abhiandniyu Happy Gandhi Jayanti
Best video of farmer protest
Don't  provoke  us our  blood  is  up  .MODI ji  speaks  universal  truth
The number 250 million is factually incorrect. not a single farmer is protesting in southern india because we are already doing contract farming for years. only in north protest is happening and the protestors are not more than 10 million.
Guys this a national issue so kindly request to you mention "subtitles" for the video. Because other states or international level people then only understand easily. You channel capable for mention subtitles  because U guys having 16.2M subscribers... And my support always to farmers thank you
This is why i hate politics..it's really dirty I just feel pity for the farmers taking so much hardships..if the govt listen to them this would nevr happen.
Isse Farmers to phir se jamidari wale system me British time me pahuch jaige.... Government kitni Bewakoof h apne desh ki spine ko hi kamzor bana rahi h......... Welcome to the Dying democracy and Corporate captive society
It is not mandatory for the farmer to do contact farming or the farmer has to sell things outside. Those who want can do so. Those who do not want to do this, they will do the same as before. So, what is the problem??
Minimum support price is answer.
I was looking for post. . anyone from India ?? ... Love to farmers from Nepal
Farm bill better explained by abhi and niyu on their channel.
USING SOCIAL MEDIA ....TO MIS LEAD.. DIDN'T WORK ON......ANNADATA FARMERS
What an incredible and unbiased explaination of the farm bills. Amazing job 
Government should add bavk the daily use essentials  of consumers. In the way of helping farmers Modi government is hitting badly the consumers
Finally Understood what are these farm bills
God bless our farmers 
Hats off to our farmers truth will always win congratulations to our farmers 
I love my India because of army and kisans and labours because vo log bhut mhenti hote hai...
No farmers No Food In All India 
I am a Farmer & I strngly support new Farm law
Trevor.. Come on... Please do better research... I have seen manjids and it doesn't employ that much. The protest happening only in three States Punjab, Hariyana and UP. They protesters come from Upper Class. Every one in India knows that. Now, Trevor you supported Upper caste apartheid. And I am disappointed because I come from the lowest caste of Hindu religion. 
Pls provide essay on doubling farmers income by 2022
So farmer will direct sales now their product to local grocery shop??
Capitalist: contract farming is capital accumulation and exploitation of the farming society. Contractors keep prices low to maximise profits. 1998 deregulated Indian sugar industry did not improve farmers' income. Pursuit of profit drives corporates more than notion of public interest or democracy. 
D-d-b-d-d-d WHAT THE F@)#,  This has been happening in Delhi the whole time?!?And WTH  Indian government. Also man, we need to send some relief aid to Punjab urgently -sincerely, some guy living in Mumbai
Bro ,farmers nu adyam oru price fix cheyyam with corporate before planting.pinne after harvesting contract ill fix cheytha price thanne farmers nu kodukkanam ennu bill il parayundello .(market value kuranjalum).
Only farmers of Punjab and Haryana are protesting because they have fear to lose their monopoly over agriculture prices and production. Farmers are happy or are ready to try these new laws as they know these will help them in long run . So plz take a look upon the above situation also !!!!
Why can't farmers form strong associations & directly deal with the markets, both local & global rather than dealing with these corporates. After all, farmers can make contact with overseas & across Punjab, thru world trade. Leaders cud negotiate with the government, set up ports to the nearest states. Look at other small trading nations,
This is bad for farmers. This farm bill good for farmers but its so sad. Government have to take it back. So sad.
3. BJP did not have enough numbers to pass the bill so it rushed it in an undemocratic way.
If i have to die for this protest... I am ready. And i am always ready #godimedia
Farmers itne peacefully protest krte hai to Red Fort pe kya hua tha
Small farmers' interests subdued by rich farmers for their own interests.
Jay Jawan Jay Kishan we will always support you Amen
why r u not telling about open market in agriculture...everyone knows punjab and haryana production more than the requirement....in open market demand supply decide rate of the crops...then obviously the rate will decrease automatically for the crops....and govt. Providing nothing...like cold storage warehouse for store to the farmer then where will kisan store it to get best price in demand supply circle
Well there are around a 100 million farmers in India of which less than half have a problem with the new reform. This new reform allows farmers to have more independence and allows the poor farmers to also have a chance at earning a lot of money, what is wrong with this I dont understand? Can someone explain.
Poonam Pandit Has joined Congress and this will be the story of all emerging paid leaders of Ardthiys in coming days. Only Poor Kisan have been befooled and these paid leaders are having only one game plan i.e. Joining of politics and these Social Media Ptrakar also have their own agenda. So These Farmers leader (or Paid leaders of Ardthiys) are befooling the poor farmers, mazdoor and all the symphathisers and these are the facts ;
This bill has removed that obstacle in front of the farmers and allowed them to do business with companies or the customers directly due to the contract based farming.
Ordinance bill jo pass hua wo padho hazaar benefits toh hai but that too with a condition of no assurance of basic MSP and no power to appeal in high court as well as apex court i.e. supreme court....why so??
GOVERNMENT  OF INDIA  SHOULD CONTROL ALL THE AGRICULTURE PURCHASE AND THEN  GOVERNMENT  SHOULD SELL THOSE PRODUCED CROPS   PRIVATE COMPANIES WITH LICENSE OF AGRICULTURE. GOVERNMENT OF INDIA SHOULD PURCHASE CROPS AT FIXED PRICE AND  give and info to all people 
Really, both of you have explained very nicely. I appreciate both of you. Also you explain in a neutral way. Neither in favour of farmers nor government nor private sectors. Thanks for your video.
Modi like : Let UP and Punjab election finish, we will bring it back like increasing petrol price 
I've a thing to say that  when companies like jio and big baskets are gonna buy from farmers it is problen for mandi and middle men cause then corporate will eat thier market
I am the son of a farmer and we have received payment till now till January 7...We have to sell our crop to the bajaj factory It is very bad situation, please make a video on this subject sir.
3.The input will automatically increase why the private cos sell their own seed, fertilizers to the farmers which will cost more 
Don't be fooled by one sided story, fact remained same that more than 90% Indian farmers were in support of those reforms, in fact out of 29 Indian states only two small states which are already richer, participated in these protests. I belong to the same state where these protests were organized and belong to a farmer's family and only two rich communities so called themselves as "Farmer" were in protest eating Pizzas & driving Mercedes to protests. Only reason was to bring down the ruling party, nothing to do with farmer's concern.
Buy farm produce at super low prices, sell at super high prices by creating artificial demand and supply constraint by just storing the food items at their modern warehouse - Indian Corporates.
2. How easy will it be to deal with corporate, even for a group of farmers?
Date rehna sahab, you are dealing with demon and his allies. God bless our farmers.
This CPI people's have never being the true representative of farmers.
Farmers are given option to get into contract with corporates or they can use the old option of mandis. Nobody taking away anything from them.
Framers - we will make sure modi losses UP ELECTION. 
Manmohan Singh government had wiped of farmers debt worth 2.00 lakh crore of debt. 12 years back. Then they became in debt again there is some problems somewhere. Which has to be corrected.
Farmer are there  for their meal.
Very good explanation of the three farm bills with graphics. A must watch for everyone debating on the bills.
The farmers are already in a suicide path
Why didn't all the farmers of india unite only punjab and up farmers
The farmer's won in successfully bringing back old draconian farm laws which led to suicides of more than 60000 farmers in india.. no body talks about that
Finally Farmers are won... celebrate this Victory
My apologies for saying this but what language are they speaking, I read that Hindi is not the only language spoken in India. But I hope things in India goes well for the farmers
As a farmer of madhyapradesh I would like to inform you that. 
9. Minimum price should be mentioned in contract farming agreement even if a quality issue in future.
WE DO NOT TRUST SUCH CRIMMINAL MENTAL FARMERS. 
Suggesting people to search for local farmers will definitely push pressure for both farmers and consumer. Alway control the controllable (which requires comparatively less effort)
Ab ye bill farmer or desh ka bhala karega ya nahi ye to aney wala time or future hi bata sakta hai to dekhtey hai . Lets hope for good for  both country or farmers .. or jyada kaya kar sakety hai
Are farmers demands justified? What are your views?
Why was mainly Punjab and Sikhs were offended by the farm reforms ?
govt market mandi chairman posts?/ Anti India Sikh for Justice 
HUGE amounts of love and respect to you guys at Vice News for bringing a TRUE voice to these efforts by not only Punjabis & Sikhs in india. Farmers from at least 10 indian states are fighting for their livelihoods and generational PRIDE, their land. The land that's given both them and their families and the WORLD so much. VICE NEWS thank you from all Punjabis, Sikhs, Indians, Farmers, and HUMANITY for covering our stories. Indian media proved to the world they've been bought by Modi's govt by failing to display the truth of the events taking place. Please continue sharing our struggles as we move together to fight for the people who quite literally feed the world. Lots of love and respect 
Surprised how you didn't cover the point that this protest is only happening in the states which has the highest farmer income
Now diversify msp procurement from all states in equal ratio...not keep them specific to punjab haryana up
Modi has become Mr. India these days , Sirf usa se hee Nazar aate Hain humare pm Ji 
 Then Totally agree with farmers
Govt: I will pass bills for the farmers for a free economy. 
Im muslim and i can bear to see my sikh brothers and sisters suffering this way. The hindu nationlist party is too much. I have gone to protest in Birmingham and in Denmark regarding punjabi farmers right. I hope brothers and sister you also support the unjustice that is happening by the same guys in Kashmir <3 KHALISTAN <3
Ye to bole the farmers nahi dalal protest kar rahe the
There are much advantages with these laws but the farmers does not have the belief on government but they can't judge the law before it comes into act
Someone send this video to Modiji 
An overwhelming 60% of indian population is in support of the news farm bills.These  laws actually are positive reforms.Even the opposition political parties who right now are vehemently opposing these bills,they ironically had the very same bills on their 2019 election manifesto.
1:38 zee news k anchor aare hai ye bolenge bhai khalistan hai 
That police officer being a son of farmer cannot understand the problem! What a shame.
We are proud  on our farmers ,today we all need this type of unity , because they fight as only Indian's that's why they get success 
Why people think that the few so called farmers that are not even 5 percent of the farmers of our entire country are real farmers. I belong to the farmers family and this bills are for benefits of farmers so stop spreading half news for views. literally majority of indians support this farm bills including farmers so get your facts clear.
Opinion: These are staged interactions which are really one sided. No One can unseen the fact that the front of Farmer Protest is hiding something very nuisance and noise behind its face. We cannot just unlook the violence happened on 26th Jan 2021 , the way rattle happened, it was really uncomfortable to see Delhi hostage by these Goons so called "Farmers". Rakesh Tikait is the son of Mahendera Tikait who was also a mastermind behind the farmer protests nearly 30 years ago and did all the bad things to the Capital. The WIRE is without any doubt, a nuisance Branch of MEDIA ,just like BBC, is always wants hustle in INDIA and hiding the truth behind all this Propaganda. 
I am with farmers....
After the Bengal poll, another defeat for the Fascists. Long Live The Farmers. Down With BJP's Fascist Regime.
A FARMER SON HERE, THESE BILLS ARE REVOLUTIONARY AND I SUPPORT THEM
Kese kisan hai ye supreme court ko bhi nahin man Raha hai. I hope government will take strict action against Rakesh tiket and their popets.
You need to put english subtitles so that it can be shared globally, as no Indian farmer protest has magically become a global issue overnight!
Good . Farmers protest is clearly supported by muslims and Pakistanis. Good show
farmer take right decision his right
This strong sense of community n belonging can be felt here also while watching .....Great respect to all the farmers 
Those who want to sell can still go to APMC MANDIS
One nation  one market is good idea liberating farmers
THANKS #TREVOR #FARMER_PROTEST   DETAIL IN YOUR SHOW
Will this law abolish APMC? If yes it's wrong but if no then doesn't the farmer has a choice?
Great bill for farmers and new gen agriculturist...
Only farmers who are overly dependent on Government Mandi systems are protesting in fear of Mandi system going away, but, reality is most other farmers in other states are happy. Also, government dont have proper infrastructure to buy and store all produce and every years India loose billions of worth of produce due to rain water damage to produce brought from farmers. Creating this all around India is not efficient and it has more loopholes than new laws. Currently huge trade of produce outside of mandi market exists and this laws actually create regulation around currently unregulated market. 
This is shame for whole nation.. Shame on BJP and Shame on such people and Andhbhakts who support BJP and call farmers as terrorist... Kisan is the anna data of our country they are being crushed by BJP ministers son wow...
PETROL price km ho gye diesel v km ho gye... Gas ki subsidiaries aa rhi....bssss ek hi bacha h... railway exam aur results wo v aa jayega.... Uttar Pradesh election se phle
these aren't all the farmers protesting; India has around 400,000,000 farmers and the ones who are protesting are nearly 200,000. where are other farmers? do you know?
Finally farmers reminded the dictator that he is a mere chowkidar and made him enact a pretentious well wisher act. Now it is high time for everyone to unite and replace the chowkidar.
india should boycott BJP and educated logo ko he politicians banana chahiye jo india ko development me help kare aur logo ki baat samjhe aur soney
Murderous thugs....Hopefully farmers will teach a lesson or two in the upcoming elections.
As usual, farmers have been cheated by lawyers.
The new laws provide farmers an option to sell their produce outside govt. Market keeping the earlier option intact but US goes to WTO against earlier Indian govt. Minimum support price scheme and now when Indian govt. Is giving option to farmers to sell their produce to private players they are against that too.
Respect  Best wishes to all farmers brothers who fought and won for their rights against dictatorship rule of modi in democratic country. 
Simple and clear explanation of the bill. But u missed to mention that farmer can choose his buyer and no force or legal obligations to sell to private companies. If he still chooses to sell APC he gets MSP support or to company to get more than MSP price. He is a king if he manages better.
Please note it's middleman win by opposition support and true small farmers lost today
My people, sending love from London  #NoFarmersNoFood
Contract farming is being done in several states across India successfully from as early as 2000. Every scheme will have its pros and cons. It is better to stick yourself to topics you have idea on and leave such sensitive issues for the people to decide. Your agenda is to peddle fake news against the government and you have so many topics for that. Please have some shame or guilt before misleading people for the sake of money.
Modi samjne ki cheez hai .Modi was trying to help innocent farmers but they are influenced in wrong crooks
Local mandi ki jagah pe local support / FPO banao, give farmers the resources  and APMC has to be abolished, period...
RBI's governor Urjit Patel,who even Modi praised for integrity quitafter reportedly pushing back against the government for over using central bank reserves because of this government's failed economic policies. Some economists mentioned this will set a dangerous precedent of this government raiding the RBI again and again and again which they have been doing.
Farmers are dying because of this type of politics
Me from Punjab.. We support farm  bill
Greata released a tool kit why cant u speak abt that... Also india have have every year 1000s of farmer sucide .... This Law will help farmers not the middle man...Do you know why only 2 states protest rest all support the farm law??
That is not the case here, the agreement is to procure proper and timely price from the buyer for the farmer, so you are spreading propaganda. Thankfully 3:01 is where is stopped to write this comment. So, only 5 minutes WASTED...
Hey my friend, you should read the farm bill if you want to make the video, still you can read it, it is available open for all, the farmers are protesting because they are manipulated by some groups and opposition parties.
 that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of
Let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your Family directly or indirectly. 
Never in the history of India have I seen a protest so well organized. An excellent example of planning.
After 2022 in UP farmer law should implement
3rd bill is for helping to build cold storages and other infra for food storage. Now nobody wants to invest in    storage infra due to essential commodities act as at any point of time gov can destroy you business ( like you stored items in huge quantities to sell it to a buyer from  abroad and if suddenly gov banned the item for exporting what the infra owner ll do with the commodity)..now there ll not be any high handedness from gov side in the name of protecting consumers
Its clear that the decisions of imposition and repeal of the laws were done in absolute haste never putting the country first but only elections.
In India when you lose the support of the farmers you can expect a new government.
How an illiterate farmer can sign Legal aggrements how ?? Just without reading ?? Without understanding what is written there??
Support Maoist and farmers of India
The bill has several positive sides if implemented genuinely. But it has been designed keeping the interests of corporates and not the farmers. If this is implemented correctly, then one day this would also become like AMUL. 
So the root of the problem is artificial control of the price, which can be done via either cartel formation, or using the non-transparent digital mediation like how Ola and Uber do.
Firstly they requested and demanded these farm law's to be repealed.
This is all false information. Farmers were sitting for two months very peacefully. Go ask prime Minister
Those people who are Opposing the bill never wanted the farmers to become independent from Corruption...now they are free to sale their products anywhere in country other than Mandi and earn more
Only time will tell if these 3 Bill's or acts messed up farmers & markets people won't vote for Modi in 2024 & if these initiatives works out to benifit people as well as the farmers people will vote for modi..
I am happy for them , it still shows India has power to fight against Dictatorship.
From insurance to fertilizer to pesticide to irrigation to electricity bills everything is free to farmers or highly subsidized (not free otherwise they will misuse it which can harm soil productivity and health of ppl who eats it bt still they overuse it anyway). Then gvt buys it at a lucrative price then value of land is worth crores which a middle class after working throught his life wont be able to save a fraction of it
PIB SHOULD RELEASE THE STATEMENT THAT FARM BILL CAN EASILY UNDERSTAND BY AMIT SENUGUPTA
I want to thx bbc from heart of core . Support farmers  background song 
4. Even if farmers contact buyers via middlemen, there will be little or no scope of bribes due to the cap of 10%
This is how people have successfully managed to show something which is a benefit for the farmer as something detrimental to their growth. If I sell my produce outside for a price of 15/- a kilogram, and msp is 3/- why the hell do I need msp and all. When I go into a free market obviously I'll have many entities which want to buy my produce and I won't even pay tax. Please don't spread propaganda. Jai jawan jai kisan
He is giving one sided view. Not discussing benefits and constraints of the Farm Bills.
Only people farming wheat rice and sugar would have issues cos India grows excess and there no huge demand. Less demand less price but no they want their MSP from taxpayers money
Farmers are being called a terrorist, khalistani, and whatnot by these top-notch media houses.
Farmer win 
Everyone talking about the disadvantages of the new farm bill but they couldn't say what's wrong in it and what solutions they have in this regard.
Prove me wrong but I feel these farm laws would actually benefit the farmers in the log run.
Kerjriwal is right. Proud to our all India Farmers.
We stand with farmers 
If the farmers want to commit sucide , who is govt to not let them.
Don't piss a farmer. Their crops are growing and they will be demonstrating
If government had done it 12 month ago, 500 more farmers would be alive 
India is made of farmers, not just punjab, all states of india is run my hardwork of farmers who give us food but please stop hate towards other Indians who are not from punjab
Farmers are very educated about politics and international affairs,it feels like I should learn more from them than my school 
What type of Lie... another LIE. The reporter didn't die coz of the farmers but he died after being hit by the Car
Nothing but a feudal reaction against change, no other state is protesting because it's only in Punjab and Haryana that these feudal landlords have the tightest grip.
pure ek saal lag gaya apko samaj ane main yeh jahil pm jo apne matlab se up election ki taiyari hai pablic ko bewakuf banane ki shame bycott bjp this time show the power of janta
Farmer- "Hum brush bhi tubewell se karte hai, humein water cannon kya daraeinge" too good yaar.
As a son of a Chinese farmer, you have my support. Farmers should be respected, we are Not social liability but greatest producer producer
Does VICE know the actual thing... what are the new farm laws.. why only particular communities and particular states are against of it ??
Abhi bhi fekna band nhi hahah pura farmer's against tha not ki part of farmer ab to sach bol de 
This is not victory of Indian farmers it's a win of Congress and co Dallas
Anti-modi person, Anti-Indian, he is just trying to influence people in wrong direction....Be aware Indians...he is being paid for anti
Understood now . Need to give some Power to farmers  with encouraging efficiency
After the elections Kangana Ranaut will claim that farmers ko yeh Jeet bheekh mein mili hai!
Solidarity with Farmers 
Without farmers there is no kingdom if farmers leaves farming can't imagine even single day
Congratulations to The Lallantop for making such a nice documentary #supportfarmers
Proud of you sir.we are with farmer.
I SUPPORT FARMERS
What a Laywer learns only after getting a  degree .... farmers should know all that about contracts, legal laws and understanding whats good for them or else they will be exploited.... you really need better propaganda .
At 2:16, its incorrectly claimed that Govt. Provides subsidies only on wheat and rice there are 23 crops in MSP basket, govt. Just procures less of the other 21 crops because they are consumed less by the poor. Besides Rice is a water guzzling crop and one of the chief reason for water deficiency in Punjab.
government is pawn for corporates like ambani in India and Modi is afraid to face his own country people . in 2014 Modi tweeted adhaar card is very insecurable as opposition party was in power and now he's using the same insecurable adhaar card to play with people lives in India, such a Hippocrate he is!.he announced demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupee notes in 2016 , removing article 370 in Kashmir state without asking the people of Kashmir and now these new agriculture sector rules which farmers don't agree with wah Modi wah!
Will the DK DMK ADMK Congress and Communists now take responsibility for the disgrace of today's India and take appropriate action?
You missed the point of farmers flag hoisting in red fort
Instead of protesting against government if farmers unite and bargain with traders that would be much better for them
Farmer protest was by rich farmers of Haryana n Punjab. 
stand and making farmers scape goat.
This is the saddest and most wholesome protest ever done in India . Respect to the farmers and kudos to the Scoopwhoop Unscripted team .
BJP gronank ka name per politics kar rahi hai up  election time thank BBC
From beginning Farmers demands to take back those laws. Because modi government pass those with ORDINANCE (to skip discussion). There are so many other reason.
Everything is okay. I too want the defective laws to be rectified. But raising Khalistani slogans, abusing Hindu women, this is unacceptable. Farmers are fighting for their rights and someone there yelling madly to become a Hero ,who has nothing to do with farmers protest. Jai Hind..Jai Jawan, Jai Kisaan.
No action will be taken, Bkz he's a bjp member ,only fir to ca the farmers and people,
I m with u rehmaan bawa ..but is bjp or to say Modi has done anything in favour of India or its people...never seen a single video of urs where u r appreciating the govt policies.....just curious....u can answer with yes or no if u r in dilemma .. I can understand..
We farmers are not fools we know how to survive 
Increase the price of petrol and give the money earned to farmers. Or open a bank account for donation all interested should donate to farmer bank account.
You look like motivated. Is APMCs do justice to farmers.
Thank you so much Lallantop for such amazing and realistic views of the farmers.
MSP , APMC ALL ARE PRESENT AS IT IS, ALSO MSP is introduced for additional corps too(like ragi , etc),  agroforestry introduced, subsidy is given to those entering agro forestry. Most of high value trees removed from licence requirements from govt so that farmer can produce and sell where ever he wants. When unusual circumstances like famine, war, calamity , govt will dynamically invoke powers to tackle the situation . So why you create panic by misleading please understand the bill and speak. Most farmers are having small land so they come together as Farmer Producer Organisation (FPO)  , why,     you dont want them to come together and organise to earn lucrative income. Please understand mr. shamsudeen for over 12000 years our farmers are feeding us  dont take it for granted, if we don't  make farming lucrative with new rules to control soil erosion and increase the richness of soil. We don't have a future  with 1.4 billion people only with industrialist IT BT based economy... please dont mislead the people without understanding the law actually it was farmers request is what became LAW . please go through the tamil nadu govt request to central govt for welfare of farmers.
First person seen who perfectly explained the problem of farmers,Government & Solution on it in well manner.
Not 70%...85% farmers r small scale famers
Always supporting farmers 
very nicely explained, hope we may see another amendment on MSP kudos to all the farmers
What a loss to true farmer's and economy. Also a big loss to anti-nationals who were plotting civil unrest before these elections. Modi ji saved 1000s dead nationals..innocent people by failing the opposition ugly plan
This video is simply one of the best I have found breaking down the whole Farm Bills...thank you so much.
Corporate legal team -under farm bill there is one option of model contract agreement which govt may issue for farmers so that no one can manipulate farmers with their complex clauses in their contract and govt now considering this seriously
You are ill informed about the farmer's protest in India or the support from other countries .... please do your homework well before making a fool of yourself. Understand the 3 laws you were mentioning and understand why, in a country where there are so many farmer's who feed the country citizens and export to other countries , have poor farmers. Why are the traders who buy from poor farmers rich? Why is that few farmers, who are also traders and own large agricultural land, rich beyond any one's imagination?
Long live the farmers 
Happy  ghar vapsi  to kisan. Now they think that their farms are no longer in danger of being taken over by the power full people they can all carry on farming without anticipating  any improvement in their living style. Carry on with old ways farming. Good luck to all of you . Your leaders are now in hurry to fight election in Punjab,Utar pardesh. Hence they have left you in hurry. Now they want to win in state election.  So good by to all of you !!
THERE WERE 2 million PEOPLE IN THE MARCH TO DELHI BUT ONLY 40,000 WENT TO THE RED FORT AND WERE SOME HOW INVOLVED IN THE CLASH. Now this shouldnt be too much sweat after farmers have been protesting on the road for over 60 days.
supported the same reforms in the past. Now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat.
Respect farmers peaceful protest against the new agriculture laws
Your are biased man... and very negative in approach.....dont under estimate our farmers....they are using very expensive cars....do you want barter system to be implement......shame on you sir.... like your classes regarding shares... but not this one....
The state govt. has announced a compensation for the farmers killed in 
I salute all the farmers
India is very problamatic like many colonial ruled countries, the upper class is mostly white. Then the culture already had a cast systems and in all that is colorism. Like I always said just people we because free does not mean the rich men who where from colonialist actually left, They leave their biracial children and they have connections to their European fathers. These kids go to university out of the country and go abroad to study. They don't have to worry about Fixing sanitation issues, Or a Master plan for their mothers home land.
Farmers should win, will win.
3rd bill was brought to enable large scale storage and thus facilitate the development of large scale cold storages and supply chain facilities. But this won't be of any use to common people and farmers
It means all the foreign companies will rule over the peasants.... And tell me once  Modi said "Made in India" and "great India" what will happen of these statements.....
2 years been gone farm bills definitely have to be removed
600 farmers mre hain... Inka khoon un bhakto k haatho me hain jinke dum pr ye apni jid me lage the...
APMC yards are still functional according to these bills.... Farmers can choose Either APMC yards or Private Buyer......And farmers have also changed.... They might not get trapped by private parties, Farmers can select Short term agreements with private buyers like say - 1 crop /2 crops/ 3 crops....... Many governments tried removing APMC yards because there is HIGH CORRUPTION involved there..... Approx 1% of total turnover made by Food processing Units - like eg :  Rice miller's, Wheat miller's, Dal miller's Etc.... Are being paid to APMCs  as commission for trading products.........
Madam... please make a video on Essential commodities act...and drug price control order
Don't you know how many times farmers went for talk but got no results, at last we took this decision to march to Delhi capital.
stand with farmers
We need to widen our perspective if we want to understand farmers.  These people are sitting there from last two months in such a cold weather, when we are enjoying our sleeps. Some of them are very old.  In the past so many committed suicides because of debt.  Keeping in view their sufferings deviation can be forgotten.
I AM FARMER OF SON AND I KNOW THIS LAW IS TOTALLY  DISSATISFIED
United We stand, divided we fall, full support to my farmer brother from a Hindu 
Prepration of UP and Punjab election.
Farmers can still sell in APMC. I think until a bill is proposed to remove APMC there is no need for the protest. One cant protest based on speculation.
2. The third bill intention was to bring a third party/organization into farming and protect farmers from famine and other natural disasters, while also increasing the diversity of agricultural products, which is currently very limited due to a lack of certainty in post-harvesting incomes. Looking at how much wheat production is increasing in UP, MP, and Punjab, and how MP recently crossed 300 MT of wheat production in the year 20/21, which getting wasted due to very poor storage facilities, so the clarity would come from a proper dialogue with farmers and curbing the weak areas of laws to make them legible and clearer. Which I think GOI tried up to some extent but we all saw what exactly happened. If the implementation of these bills had been effective with proper clarity, then it would have made farmers more confident and secure, so they could have started thinking toward other farming options and processes and may eventually shift towards organic farming as well.
Discipline  farmers & good people
You are right. Afterall this bill will benefit the big farmers only. The middle class and the poor will pay more to buy daily essentialy items. But the fact is that the govt has done nothing to relieve the small and the narginal farmers. I do not think that private players will sign contract farming agreement the small and the marginal farmers.
For congress and other parties its celebration topic and using.as.much as possible to use farmers for politics
Shame on godimedia. Anyone wear a t-shirt  of sikh sant & sipahi,  u called them territories, bjp union leader kill innocent farmers & media man he is hero.. bjp kisaano ke hathari party
# *FarmerProtest*
I stand with Farmers & always will...fight for what you believe in!
The anchor is a BJP spokesperson....she is trying to defend the government and Modi.....
Yes it's Democracy!  Great job my farmer brothers. Salute to you all!
I was against Modi about MSP, but when u said, only 6% farmers are getting benefitted through this, then farmer bill must come, and today is the day, Farmer bill has passed. Hope it will change the situations of farmers, their income and standard.
Now it is clear politically agenda.. this. Is not farmer protest
Above all the anti-indian regime wants to corporatize procurements and lay gst on agricultural productions. Wants the nation to believe that all those tri farms bills are for good. There is no regulation for demand-production, no storage facilities again, no fair price for harvest and the regime what claims is not high but plain lie at face.
Remember  one thing India not all about punjab and farmers all not in punjab .People come in Mercedes benz and protest dont call them as farmers they are the middlemen who loosing comissions .Punjab is just a part where some middlemen earning near 10 million dollars in the middle.shame on you vice taking some propaganda
I was here to see trevor making deep analysis of the farm bill, technicalities of the bill being proposed and about where things went wrong but instead i get to see only the usual clips of protesting site and trevor summing up about the whole situation with inadequate information.
This is a pay for play bill President Modi had to pass for his special interest, it will give corporations full power eventually over all food, and if anyone has even iq they know corporations are all about greed/profit and they will eventually keep increasing the prices
u  shoud   see in  india  farmers  are   died  in  protest  but  goverment  is  sleeping
Why is Chief Justice of Supreme Court not taking any decision on these farmers protests president is also mute 
A large amount of farmers also support these bills and reforms sooo currently there is a clash between farmers who support it and farmers who don't and the government is in the middle one side is telling to remove these bills or they will protest and the other side is telling if it is removed they will protest.
BJP didnt wanted to repeat the West Bengal performance in UP so better he took this decision immediately to atleast give a fight in UP election.
Anything new, especially something this significant, is going to be challenged, it's not surprising. But then again with the amount of issues the farmers have faced over so many years , it's clear thee current system doesn't work. I therefore can't stand with the farmers that they're not even willing to give the new system a go. Remember privatization of Indian biz in 1991? This could similarly revolutionize indian farming.
I support farmers.... But I don't support khalistanis because I believe in India I believe in united India from Kashmir to kanyakumari
- why do you think farmers are still sitting in cold when over 100 people have died from cold?
And Modi isn't scared BJP got more members than whole population of Punjab
These BJP Maniacs are saying, even in the New Open Market system and in the Contract farming bill, in the least case, these Corporate "Turncoats" would have to purchase commodities from farmers at MSP according to this Bill. 
Free market ka best example MTNL and BSNL that's why farmer oppose this. I think so may be  I wrong
2. In most cases the amount eventually paid to the farmer is so small that farmers never reach home, they give up returning from Mandi.
You don't know ground reality mam you are only theoriticle. as a Farmers boy saying you we had sold our goods lot of time outside state
these ordinance in favour of farmers not middle man....
Shame vice media, for not even properly articulating why farmers are protesting.
Definition of APMC , please do.also.get ground report of what actually goes on this Mandi markets and how poor  farmers are exploited by so called "state representative"
SAME HAPPEN IN WB WHEN TMC REMOVE TATA FROM SINGUR, TODAY ALL WB PEOPLE ARE FILL WHAT WRONG THEY DONE , IN FUTURE FARMER WILL FACE PROBLEM BUT THE OPPOSITION LEADER WILL INCOME IN CRRR....
It seems Modi Is way better than Congress.I am voting for Modi again.I want to see real development.
Real farmers are working hard in their land
 Long before Modi became the Prime Minister, India had already taken the initiatives for Chandrayan, Mangalyan, GSLV, Mono Rail, Nuclear Sub-Marine, Agni Missile, Chetak, MIG, Arjun Tank, Sukhoi, Dhanush, etc.
It is beneficial for consumers. Indian government has done nothing different. Every development country has such laws. Government should stop buying from Haryana and Punjab and force them to sell it too private companies or die out of loan burden.
Farmers postion never going to improve
As a result, farmlands in the U.S. are more productive & bring back greater returns to the farmer. A comparison between both farms shows that U.S. farmlands have a higher yield per hectare than Indias farmlands. For example, in rice, it is 7.8 tones to Indians 3 tones; in corn, it is 8.6 tones to Indians 1.8 tones; in peanuts, it is 2.6 tones to Indians 1 ton; in soybeans, it is 2.8 tones to Indians 1.1 tons; & in cotton, it is 647 Kg to Indians 220 Kg. Also, the US cow milk yield is 3x more than the Indian yield.
Honestly, these new rules sound like how Americas farms are being controlled. And our farmers are also suffering because of the lack of control and predictability.
Full support to the farmers...farmers are protesting for more than 60 days in extreme cold climate at Delhi..more than 100 farmers have already died due cold climate..govt should take back the new  law..
I support farmers 
Or has he closed his mind to the poor, because when people come to talk with him to let him know the reasons of their poverty, He has no time for them. And on other times, when he decides to have a meeting with people, he makes them sit for 5 hours ....and only talk to them for 15 minutes...., eg. farmers leaders meeting, they were so shocked of his behaviour and disappointed.  These were very intelligent individuals and saw it a crime to deny the problems that India is facing.   God knows what is happening behind closed doors.   
7) MSPs are not being removed (congress rumors)
A salt in the wound of BJP by opposition and kejriwal
Dhruv what you are saying is one sided narrative, I suggest you debate with someone who is an expert rather continuing with your rant. I am from Himachal Pradesh and many of my friends and family members are apple growers , they are free to sell their   goods wherever they get a good price for their goods whether Addani or out of the state,  they sometime sell their products in southern state directly. I do agree it was a hasty decision and government should have taken farmers in confidence. MSP had been  a big failure in other countries, case in point is MSP on milk products given in US, resulting in a huge glut resulting in loss to exchequer and waste.
Request your platform to ask one question from the present government that today they are in power and whatever they say orally will be done till it's tenure but what about future governments, will they ensure MSP if it is not in the Act itself.
I am remembering my class 1 activities..how samilar i support the bill
Only punjab farmers are farmers  and other states don't have farmer .mp is no. 1 wheat producing state and according to Punjabi people  these are grown by ambani and adani.
I am not convinced with your theory..there are 2 sides..80-90% farmers wil get benefit as per your explanation..that means bill is in favor of farmers..everything is not possible..100% satisfaction not possible
Protest farmers karne aaye the, par pata chala ki congress aur baki partiya apna astitv bachane aa gyi.. Fir c grade actors, actress, singers, dalal media ab ye unknown comedian.. Apna apna agenda lekar aa gaye.. 
I think kangana should go to that 86 years old BHARATH ke MAA ,and seek a Job in her Farm land and it's a good deel you will get Rs 700 per day for the sweat while working out their .Jai Kisan Jai Hind
This really changed my vision even i thought ki yeh sab andolan se khud ka hi nuksaan hota hai and powerful people never back down but hats off to the farmers such a great will power
Good to see that still there are Hindu people who recognise the humanity first. Not all of you are brain washed. In punjab we respect and participate every religions celebration and gatherings. Our villages have Guruduwaras, mandir, masjid. Sikhs are calm but not cowards. Earth deserves better from us human beings.
- Punjab produces 17.18% of wheat in India but its share of GOI procurement is more than double at 38.04%
My family were farmers back in their home country. So my love for farmers go through my respect for them and that my blood family was also farmers. 
Mulching will increase incomes by reducing costs for fertilizers and water and increasing yields . Mulched soil is healthier and holds water better. Farmers could share a mulching machine and it can go from farm to farm to share the cost. There needs to be more people that care about the environment in India. There is a climate crisis. We must stop polluting the environment. Maybe the government should subsidize mulching machines for farm groups.
They deserve rights and freedom and support. We thank farmers for the food on our plate,  for our daily bread.
Let's go #FARMERS#WORLDWIDE WE HAVE TO FIGHT AS ONE!
I am watching this from New Zealand, I am filled with empathy  and pride for my fellow human in India, you are all an inspiration against these elites who desire to control us all.
These same farmers who most benefited from green revolution 
 By construing this bill only will sink a farmer is just fear mongering . The act doesn't at any point highlight the doing away of APMCs. This Act is the best way forward for the actual heroes, the farmers to get their rightful dues henceforth which has been stopped by the parasites called Middlemen.Kindly read n understand the bill in TOTO before crying foul. Nice try Dhruv to fear monger.
But only 6% farmer's get msp 
So guys what do you think "The New Farmers Bill" is right of wrong?
It is interesting how government intervention created the problem, yet Indian farmers rather operate under a centralized governance rather than a free market society. Although many jobs would be potentially lost in the process,  it would also benefit the economy as a whole. History has shown that competition can lead to increases in efficiency and can help to solve problems that could not have been countered without such competition. Even if farmers were entirely replaced ( which would be an indication of consumer favouritism), job opportunities would still be created and might favour those with an education or who wish to increase the quality of their lives. This is a process which has occurred historically in many countries that evolved from farming to industrialization. It is almost a necessary sacrifice if societies wish to evolve and thus should not always be resisted.
A lot of us here are in support of our farmers too. Also, their brotherhood and solidarity with each other is absolutely heartwarming. 
5. There really will be no real movement of farm goods outside local markets by farmers as envisioned as this is already allowed and does not take place. Globally sale of agriculture products is local and the traders sell it further out. Just think a farmer loading pineapples in a truck and driving to Delhi because he may get a better price. If I was the buyer in Delhi I would give him a lower price because I know I have him now. This is crazy.
These are Punjab Sikh Farmers,
Aapne concrete list se trade and commerce ke according ye bill paas kiya h jo Final product ki baat krta h jese aata chavel but kisan to Raw material peda krta h gehu jiri 
Rihanna tweeting for farmers must have alerted people, a popstar worried about few thousand farmers in a third world country protesting against a government who has majority of India behind him.
Shame of bjp and modi
Apart from the content and research done for the video, I am more amazed by the Hindi and Punjabi subtitles. 
Ground Reality is very different, You won't find it researching on the internet lol. Farmers are not fools.
Farmers also feel, after implementation they will start selling their crops to the Corporates not the local mandis to get better prices which (in few years) might result in the end of local mandis. Once the deserted mandis are removed by the govt (shown as loss) the real face of the corporate would show up and the farmers will lose bargaining power to big corporations in the absence of MSP & APMC)
This presenter seems to have an agenda as well. What you call "violence" is the farmers using their tools to clear the obstacles put by the police to the road to Delhi. How do you peacefully clear big blocks of concrete and containers?
Supportfarmers please 
There is future contract that companies take all the time on commodity. Why so much complex explanation. If farming gets formalized then nobody needs to do direct contract.
But... unfortunately they are busy in defaming farmers and their movement....!
Only some punjab & haryana farmers are unhappy with it not all over India's.
@vox should see The Prints video on the Farmers Proteste..
Welcome to New India presented by BJP Govt
Farmers are fools..
I'm a Punjabi from Punjab,,, come and see, what we do here,,, now we are in Delhi for that What we want.... Don't watch Godi media.... Come to Punjab or Haryana just for a few days... Bring Camera, reporter each and everything,,, you will come to see the ground reality... We are against the rules,,, even Grade 5 students can teach the those PAID CHANNELS' ANCHORS... seriously
But farmer from Punjab nd few from Haryana why
Bro I always appreciated your views and loved ur videos wat about the poorest farmers ?????? Farmers who own less than 2 acres or less than 1 acres ??? They never benefitted from APMC, they are harrassed by the goons of rich farmers and not allowed to sell at Mandi. Do u even care about the poor ?
Farmers didn't win modi gave them bheek!
I met a farmer yesterday. He was working in the farm and didn't know about these protests.
India salutes Ravish Kumar as traitor.  Where is the farmers here? Here are the all NRI farmers
Shame on anti people police and Modi and Aimt also yogi Govt
Proud to be Farmers
Sir you a best teacher and your way to teach fabulous yet I am not satisfy with these 3 Bills it's my personal opinion because if they appliy then all essential commodities rates will grow day by day and what lay man will do
This is similar to Tesla putting all the truck drivers out of work with autonomous vehicles eventually... Should we stop innovation and deregulation so people can keep their jobs? What the Indian government is doing isn't bad for markets and productivity; it's just bad for the farmers who have become dependent on artificially high prices set by the government... This is a jobs problem and it's obviously very sad that the farmers have nothing else to turn to now that their labor is freed up from having to farm.
First Massive Victory of Indian Farmers after 2014 Independence 
Respect  to all farmers brothers who fought and won for their rights against dictatorship of modi rule in democratic country. 
How nicely you sugar coated the problem.... But correct your facts first...  Just an example...you mentioned that only 6% farmers get msp---Did you mention how much of the share Haryana& Punjab has in that 6%. >90%. Same way you have twisted other facts too. Take another example - Since 1977 any farmer of India can sell anywhere, nothing new in this bill. Himachal apples do sell in Maharashtra and Maharashtra Oranges are sold in Punjab - Directly!!    Punjab, Haryana & West UP has Full mandi trading Infra and that is what they are hurt the most!!
Will increase farmers income 
Ma'am you did a mistake... no farmer was bound to sell his product through APMC before the bills were passed !
Farmers  have come fir dialogue not armed with anything 
Still BJP will not win in Punjab.
Mandis are beneficial to only the arathiyas and the middle men, not the farmers.
From day one,everybody with a bit of wisdom do know that it is not a "farmer" protest...
Great Stateman, he believes in democracy. The protest have gone for too long. He is just saying he listens. May be later for the farm laws when it's really needed to keep India as one nation.
Prime modi is the best ! Love India!
Farmers are not fools. They have named Adani group because they know it's evil intent and its constant effort to take over agriculture under the pretext of cooperative farming. 
Himachal farmer can sell in Maharashtra. I know farmers from himachal who are selling. If there is any resistance by mandis, then open it and it would br fine. Why bring a new legislation?
Agriculture sector are the Backbone of India don't ruin by stepping  Private sector big Example is BSNL present condition........ Only farmers could know the present scenario condition how private sector could exploits them
Everyone Should Have To Support Farm Soldiers.
Shame on you...you took life of 700 farmers
Farmer's leader= we don't need any changes or improvements in agriculture,we are happy with our condition.
It's an another democratic victory for Formers & Opposition Parties against Fascism after loosing 703 Formers! 
farmers are of father of national ......
Love u Modiji. Its bcoz of u the kids who celebrated their bdays i navy's aircraft carriers and cruises  are now sweeping floors
National Farmer charity is up. Time to get paid based on how much value you can provide like the rest of the world.
Solidarity with the farmers of India, from Canada
For those who says farmers are getting paid for what they harvest , then military also got paid bro 
Finally farmers win the battle
For starters, agriculture going down as % of gdp doesn't mean money going out of agriculture, as GDP isn't fixed. Then farmer income depends on multiple things besides mandis like avg land holdings, govt purchase, avg subsidy etc. So Punjab having highest income means a little when their agriculture has been growing slower than rest of India for decades. Not to forget that grains arrival during a short period affected by lockdown is hardly a solid data for analysing trend.
NRI s were funding Farmers Agitation because they have a vested interest in Punjab All freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small /marginal farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , bribe Patwaris and show themselves as ' Khud Kasht '- i.e. Actual Tillers , in the Revenue Records . Such NRIs and others then take free electricity etc benefits
Violence was perpetrated by ruling bjp Moddis government and they conspired to blame it on protesting farmers. Fortunately enough they got caught in their conspiracy. I too fully support the Indian farmers
I won't support farmers anymore!!
Most Americans don't know anything about the mechanisms at play within Indian politics, so it should be no surprise they see a massive protest and can only jump to the simple conclusion. The truth is the division between the congress and BJP is larger than the division of democrats and republicans, except one has a large majority.
was waiting for VICE  report...thank you... the government shud support and improve farmers if they want to talk about development.
I am from punjab.... this act will help farmers.... rahul baba wanted to bring the same law but now acting. Kejriwal has already implemented the law but now acting opportunistic  we in punjab know that these are not farmers these are those people who sit outside the villages and their only work is to see whose daughter is going where .... they are vellas in the village and they are vellas in the andolan. and hence this andolan will go on and on. Farmers are still working because thats what they do  . Agar government ki koi policy sahi bol do toh usko bhakt bola jata hai. Yeh kya bakwaas hai. Humara desh badal raha hai 
Modi work for reliance and Ambani and our farmer work  to feed people's ...and  nobody can't  defeat them ...
 When Modi was just 11 years old, Indian Army liberated Goa and French-ruled Pondicherry , became part of India as a Union Territory.
Yeah Guys, the issue is really not clear here .. the MSP is not for the market, its for the government .. Govt. has to buy the wheat @MSP to distribute in the rationing system .. now the farmers use excessive amount of chemical fertilizers and pesticides to maximize the production (quantity over quality) since they have the assurance that Govt. has to buy it. Now the govt. buy this huge quantity of poisonous wheat @MSP every year and distribute to the country's ration system (what else to do?) .. Who is mostly dependent on ration? The poorest of the people .. then, this low quality, chemically contaminated wheat causes serious decease in the poor Indians, which is really really bad .. Do you know that most of the people in Punjab DO NOT eat locally produced crops? 
Farmers income has increased only 4 %in 2 decades...what else u can expect
Stand with farmers votes
What if RiRi is told that she can sell her music/albums to ONLY government authorized Label and she should go through an agent for the compensation negotiations. Would she be making more money or less? (Farmers dont earn from selling third party products.)
We all are with Farmers
The government was given 60 days to solve the problem but they didn't. So now cry and weep. It's a simple equation because government should realise that they are in power and if they can't settle the affairs of its citizens then it's of no use and especially when it's about farmers.
4. India is federal state which means our constitution clearly defines the power of the central n the state government. Agri Sector comes under state subject and every state make laws according to there requirements. As India is a big country n so many states, it is a very complex system n a big headache of big corporates who are eyeing to milk the agri Sector for a long time. Now with this 3 bills, a master stroke, under one nation one India, Modiji has brought Agri Sector in India under central government control n mind you, this is against what the constitution had defined. No wonder who will be smiling all the way to the bank. Not very hard to guess. Wah Modiji Wah!!!!
For complete and unbiased understanding of this farmer's issue, watch the video in the link below..its bit long because to explain things properly one has to go in details..its by one of the most reputed teacher for civil services examination.. its for understanding purposes.. not by any news media..so no propaganda here
Jisse sbko ek clear information mile ...nhi toh bhtt channels political party k oppose or support krte hue explain kr rhe h  bill ko..jisse kafi log mislead horhe
Awsmm work ,hattsoff to kisan nd hattsoff to lallantop for real journalism ##support farmers ##watch lallantop for real news #tq rajat nd camera man for your awsmm work 
Nakli Kisan? Wow. Tehari got the fresh installment from BJP
I really got very emotional on hearing this news. We congratulate the Farmers for their patience and perservance on their year long protest. No doubt, this has come with a very heavy price. So many precious lives have been lost and so much of turmoil and bloodshed has been witnessed. Rubbing salt into their wounds the Farmers were labelled as Traitors, anti-National, Khalistance forces and what not by the BJP supporters. Modi can now forget to get even a single vote here after. What is worse in the coming elections there is going to be tremendous anti Modi wave and a very bad back lash in all the northern states. With all his experience Modi should have read the writing on the wall long back. Modi's hands smell of blood and the stain will remain forever. Jai Hind!
India needed these farm reforms - these have been thought out for many years. Removal of middlemen, contract farming, flexible market access to farmers is all the benefits that farmers will enjoy.
Proud of every farmer and every voice that speaks for it
#IStandWithIndianFarmers
Mam why farmer doesn't sell directly to customer and business man sells directly to customer ..??
The main problem is cartle....agar msp hatt gyi to farmers to kahi ke nhi rhege
Now the popularity of tikait will rise too much that he can even give competition  to modi Ji in pm election 2024
Please save farmers
What is the bill... Can you explain the  bill.  Is APMC is regulated in all states??? Why in Haryana Mp and punjab.??
Bjp must face the farmers
If Indian National Congress could show half the courage the farmers have shown over the last two years, this country could have been saved from saffron hate mongers. There's an old saying "When spiders unite, they can tie down a lion". I hope all the opposition parties understand the need for a fortified, close-knitted alliance that can topple BJP in the upcoming 2024 elections, for god's sake don't let this country slip into an endless blackhole.
..... Target is Punjab election
Punjab Government Have Same Law 2013 !! Its Copying Same Law in Indian Government!!
Modi scard about 2022 up election 
Now I got the video which tells me right way about farmer bill and I can make right decision about farmers protest
Congress  party  zindabad
Hahahaha srsly...they chocked delhi...I live in Delhi and nothing is like that here....these bills are for goods to farmers of India....sooner or later Punjabis farmers will realise it too..also giving it a political color is no good and yeah if you guys think modi will back down these law...u guys are mistaken. Also just supporting these protest bcx ur punjabi is wrong , bringing ur religion for any agenda...don't know what bill is,how  will it affect just protest bcx we are Sikhs.Srsly world plz grown up
Sir I agree with all of you..what where were you to support bill.now you are supporting
Lol right the police never do anything wrong. Protesters that have been peaceful for months decided now to let it rip. Lol if the farmers let it rip India would have been shutdown. Don't let this take away focus form the laws
* @3:30 It highlighted Bihar as the least performing state as a result of lack of mandis but not Kerala and other states which rank higher in the same list and still have no APMC mandis.  
The nation with the farmers and the black law passed by Modi government must repeal at the earliest so that the farmers will go home safely but Modi sold the farm sector to his friends like Ambani and Adani years back and don't want to cancel the bill for his corporate friends benefit? The Delhites are not much aware the impact of the bill including the public and on them,they blindly support the Modi government can support the bill. The government is forcefully impose the bill on farmers without discussion or debate with farmers or in the parliament so how can support such bill? Mera Bharat Mahan.
Fat gye Himachal election ki vjh se modi ki
Thats why the union GCMMF LTD ( Amul) has this border line that no matter what ever the quantity of milk the farmers ate going to offer they will purchase every last drop of it without any failure and at the given rates.   Proud of Amul India
One more most people in support of bills are saying that MSP is there, yup as PM said MSP is there but MSP should become a law.
Police is giving lollypop to farmers.
2) If there is no MSP the middleman wll be the most benefited person, jst bcoz farmers cant store their vegetables for long, they wll be forced to sell their products at a price decided by the middlemans.
Dont interfere with Indian internal laws - to all the Indians who have fled India and settled abroad, you are no longer Indian citizen to raise your voice against internal policys of India.
2. You guys discussed 2 bill adjoining with 3rd one but it will effect middle class lower middle class families as well why you seek let say i buy from farmers on market rate and store it now infiltration happened price went to 98% hike according to 3rd law it will no go in essential commodities unless and until it goes 100% hike that is where will face a lot of price hike in usual? 
Excellent information, I wish you could explain this to poor farmers and young farmers future opportunities. Please have one detailed information on Kashmir (starting from Hari Singh king rule to current situation). thank you so much in advance
Punjab and Haryana are following the mandi system rules and regulation , they are having good progress in the existing system then why would they change.
Only 30.6 percent of farmers oppose the bills .... And 56.3 Percent of farmers support it .
This is only Punjab farmer protest......even after 1 month rest of India is quite Vice?
How many innocent lives were lost in this whole process?  Almost 700 farmers lost their lives. Their families lost the bread winner and their future is destroyed.
Bharat ke kisan ko Mubarak. You cannot challenge a farmer's patience, irrespective of how powerful you are.
If you talk about changed  laws  first you should know the farm laws in Bharath. Or you are also like Greata Thumburg  , acts like a puppet withour knowing the facts.Blaming others is not at all comedy. This is not Indian farmer protests. This is limited to only one one particular state. Don't talk like a fool..
Also, this agitation is ignited by land owners(large tracts of land of Dalits, the oppressed community was grabbed during Khalistan movement), not the cultivators and workers who actually who work in farms and are treated in subhuman ecosystem
Nobody can save a farmer, it his him to realise it.
Laakhs of people died due to Mismanagement during Corona as u u have Election rally importance over Pandemic,
If MSP IS MADE  LAW THEN DONT U THINK  THE COMPANY'S  ALWAYS BUY AT MSP AND NOT AT HIGER PRICE
Hi , wont contract farming also add a lot of disadvantages to farmers n farming in general be it using a particular seed variety, n other practices. Seeds are a big problem when big corporations start owning with their intellectual property rights...
Nyv video...we sport farmers no farmer no food no life
Why are bihar farmers poor?
government should define the legal laws in simple way that farmers can understand which all private companies should understand
Main target Upcoming Punjab election 2022. Politic card.
These are terrorists of India not a farmer
Is the government against farmers..what a shamelessly central government..we will teach. corporate administration.
The agitation of farmers are now in months but the actual story is known to me now... Wonder what the news channels are doing?
4 Khalistanis (not 4 farners) died in Lakhimpuri Kheri: the murderous assault on BJP workers was carried out with the upcoming State Elections in Punjab in mind, the motive being  to make any electoral alliance between Capt. Amrinder Singh's & BJP untenable.
I am frightened for all the law abiding citizens and for those who do not support Modi shah Bjp because they have criminals heading meetings for the nation
Before Farm bills, CAA,NRC Bills(which are anyway important at any point of time), The first thing any ideal Indian government must bring is strongest Anti Corruption Law and Anti Hawala Bill. Well developed countries have strongest corruption laws. Our government is happy celebrating with demonitization as end of corruption is most shameful thing.
Watch with 2X speed, tej bolo modiji etna time nhi hai
Why msp is must for farmers .. can you explain   ?
Protesting farmers are 10% although they have right to protest peacefully which they are exercising effectively there demands aren't practical. Also Vice in particular has been biased towards India so no surprises.
Today in India we already have milk being sold to private corporate giants like Cream line Dairy Products Ltd (Jersey Dairy), KSE Ltd, Parag Milk Foods Ltd and farmers are not being exploited. All the fears expressed by agitating farmers is unfounded. 
Good idea, government should be obey n things new ideas for farmers
Why is it only the farmers from Punjab so upset?  Why not all the other farmers in India?
250 million farmers protested with zero looting....RESPECT
But nowhere in the world any government gives or even assures minimum prices for any thing you make ( non agriculture ) so why should farmers get that benefit. Why are farmers growing wheat which is of lower variety just because they are assured of a price even for bad quality. Because the first buyer need to give pan number to the farmer/government  and then the black economy  presently booming due to.misuse of agriculture income.
When u explain the struggle of farmers I got tears in my eyes I'm sure in the cuming years farmers will be called immortals in the history.
The farmer is the giver of joy ... the farmer is alive, he will live.
In our country nearly 40% of vegetables / fruits produced are getting wasted / rotten due to non availability of cold storage facilities. Even large scale farmers can not offer for such a huge investment required for cold storage facilities. Reliance industries had invested nearly 1000 crores in Bangla desh to develop cold storage facilities to overcome the wastage of perishable items produced in Bangla desh. However, the same Reliance Industries is scared to invest in India due to adverse criticism of our opposition parties.
Congress party is not at all bothered about either our country or welfare of it's people .Their only motive is politics.  Whatever BJP does to uplift the country ,Congress only wants to oppose it because they want to spoil the image of BJP for next election. Those who support Congress are also equally responsible.
You did tell us how farmers were affected by the APMC act.. Very nice.. (Yeh to sabhko pata chal gaya hai) 
BBC falling behind india, who always praise pakistan ,Can BBC dare to broad caste the issues of pakistan What happen in sialkot
Only those farmers (a small group) who deal with foreign trade should be on strike,  the majority of Indian farmers
no one is omni potent - believe it or not people force is stronger than government forces - of course people will remember the atrocities and reflect it in the UP & PUNJAB elections.....stronger than expected.....Jai Kisan
Clearly explained. Thank you. One more thing to explain. Farmers cannot file case against the central or state government. It should be included.
The three laws implemented by Modi GOVT serves to help farmers, however Punjab (the place of Punjabi Sikh farmers) are ruled by Congress (which is the opposition party, and the same party behind the killing of  13000 Punjabis on 1984),  the farmer protest is pure politically motivated, in the last 40 years more than 1000 of farmers suicided because of the old farm laws.. The new laws is more capitalistic, efficient and can bring the change.
Support the farmers and army
But you Punjabis are not in agriculture..... How come you protest for farmers in India..... Many of you are not even Indian citizens..... And you get outraged  by what happens in India... Everything is quite interesting.
Kisan andolan is not a protest against farm law it was protest against NDA government,,, 
Now you understand it was not about the farmers it was about the election!
None of them are farmers ,hence proved
#FarmersWon 
And why private sector is given right to decide what farming the farmers has to do
Next step, Modi gives Kashmir to pakistan and Arunachal to CCP. Great leader bows down to a mob for votes.
Dude this protest is ridiculous..Govt already stressed that APMCs nd MSP will continue...just that farmers will now get 2 options to choose from..either APMCs or Corporates based on who gives them better prices.
Very informative and detailed explanation of the Farm bills. Worth spending 30 min on this video. 
Bjp through out from india 
Democracy win ....farmers win 
Thefarmeris the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.
another State and such farmers produce is transported to a State other than the State
Main problem is that even after food surplus, farmers are not getting the actual price they deserve.
I am from Tamil Nadu I love the farmers of Indian soil Farmers are the source of this country I do not know the language but I can understand those feelings
in green revolution only 2 states had more benefitted are punjab and haryana because at that time the state government was same, which was in center also - congress.
Farm law was for the benifits of 80% farmers of india. 
 Even before Modi was born, India had prepared the world's best Constitution and started its implementation from January 26, 1950.
50% of Indias population (small farmers) contribute only 13% of GDP. Farmers desperately need reforms. The Western Media halted necessary reforms by the government and now theyre crying.
This one market will be of Ambani's big bazar makeover where farmers will be selling their crops ..
The laws were diffective, otherwise why these are rejected by the farmers. Since a long it has been explained "good for small farmers ..." . Why again division of small and large farmer ? British India had done lots of division among us for "divide and conquer". No more division please. We all unite together to be Indian. Industrialists are gaining from this division. I do not understand why motor manufacturer goes for small industries like salt ? They should leave it for smaller.
I am really worried for my farmer brothers there !! they have created war zone around the border, media is also not allowed in there, they have stopped internet too, Don't know what the government is planning ...... God help them !!
like indian mla in forgjn Country, or any higher post and prize etc.
Respect for modi ji at its top  
Yoji saying of strong action, I hope victim farmers family don't get arrested... 
There is a grt difference btw theoretical and practical knowledge ...i think people who r engaged in agriculture hv different way of thinking compared to urban people ...but the fact is that young farmers r also protesting nd they must be well educated and well informed so we shouldn't judge
ha ha ha... Modi's Politics...FARMERS LAWS HAD TO BE DEPLYED IN THE NEXT TERM, AFTER 2024. MUSLIMS LAWS WAS ENOUGH FOR THIS TERM.
Kudos to farmers unity !
What big lose for farmers.
Farmers are neglected in an agricultural dependent country. Authorities are ignonarat.
What ever you explained is a big if because there are chances that the farming bill 2020 could be helpful for small farmers too .. in future more reform can be added in the benifit of the farmers . You are covering each topic with a negative intentions .  Hope you understand what I ment to say .
1. point to understand that contract farming , understand PepsiCo Gujrat farmer eg and kerala vanilla eg. how this contract farming is not so beneficial.  because if the company doesn't buy for whatever reason it won't sell in local market. 
Now the real farmers outside punjab should protest to bring the laws
Modi love's nature and creature. Farmers are under bureaucrat
These laws were enforced in Bihar in 2006 and the owner of 5 acres/2 hectares in Bihar (Indian province) come to Punjab and Haryana (Indian agrarian provinces) to work as a farm labor because the MSP is not given the state since the laws were enforced. Rupees 1,800 is the MSP for rice, which is given in Punjab and Haryana but the corporates give them a mere rupees 800 price because they are exploiting the laws.
This brings a tear to my eye, seeing the resilience in our farmers.
Farmers of Haryana says that they will protest if the farmer bills are withdrawan
Yes we are farmers #supportfarmers
Sorry.....Modi ji sunn nahi sakte, bol nahi sakte aur dekh bhi nahi sakte..... Individual is not bad or corrupt, the love for the chair having absolute power makes you bad or corrupt. Even Raavan greatest devotee of Lord Shiva couldn't resist the power, he's only a man, why would he listen, see Or speak.
all akai , congress , app admi pary join each ather and modi ka virod kro
This is so sad :( ...."jai jawan jai kisan"....and they are in a standoff against each other.
Over 140 farmers martyred in just 2 months and government didn't uttered a word. 
Only because of the arrogance, govt is not amending the bills, farmers are still protesting.... news media is sold completely... they have stopped showing farmers.
Pl share this video with modiji... He doesn't know all these
Also what was that bullshit about sustaining a protest without any political support, then why the hell AAP was distributing food water and providing free WiFi at the protest sites? Who was paying for those make shift expensive tents and massage parlours on the bloody road? Why was congress and SP and other opposition party leaders were seen on the stage trying to incite the farmers ? 
Farmers are the real back bone of the economy.  It must remain open and free to everyone.
What a land mark,historic revolution but also the most peaceful ever,only hope that the farmers dont loose their patience as the present govt is hell bent that the farmers do loose their cool and do something violent and the blame shift on the farmers thats the reason the farmer unions time and again request the farmers to be peaceful
We should boycott farmers and order food from zomato
The farmer protest is an Indian protest. Farmers all over India are protesting please do not make it a Sikh or Punjabi or a khalistani movement
This bill needs amendment, but farmers leader are demanding completely taking down the bill
The title makes no sense whatsoever. It should say: Indian farmers' protest turns violent
Not agreed kisaan need msp because if every dealer reject there wheat or brown grains where they will go. Yes you can make new trading platform it's good but you can't force them. Closing MSP market means no competition.
1. The Indian farmer had always been exploited since the British time. Unfortunately, this continues even today.
Farmers are allowed to sell outside of APMC...
Kindly do not argue in favour of reforms and create any type of disbelief against patriot pm mr modi ji
He not able to tell you 2 benefits to farmers if laws impplement. All benefits to going to cold store owners and big industralist not farmers
Using police force for unlawful stopping for farmer protest.
Indian govt has to come up with pilot projects with 1 state first .. once proved apply that to others 1 after another and rectify in case of any issues in favor of farmers not corporates .. next revolution is farmings all corporate are looking into that .
My father is a farmer , and even i was initially supporting them but now the protest has been hijacked by vested interests .
stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain.. Full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic Indians 
Omg that's ALOT of people to feed!! Always got to have Big Business stick their noses in!!!! Hope the Farmers Prevail!
It is not good decision regarding farmar belonging to Bihar, Easter up, jharkhand, odisha, chhattisgarh , south of India i.e marginal farmer....
Farmers has to sell directly to the Indian common who consume and we who are end consumers has to boycott corporate.
1. Farmers are allowed to sell outside of the APMC, but who are these potential buyers? From here comes the importantfact about the FPOs: on the ground, you can see many of these FPOs are formed by a small group of farmers as per the regulations, which are not the same as you highlighted during the 2nd bill discussion as the farmers were creating artifical inflation. As a result, farmers can now participate as another stakeholder in the supply-demand chain. 
Salute to the spirit of farmers 
Beating farmer with stick What are you called security
Wow!!! Congratulations to everyone!!! Not only farmers. Democracy wins. Best wishes from your neighbours. 
Defaming indian national flag breaking barakade police officers were jumping of cliff, rampaging taking Traktor on police, promoting pro khalistani agenda and then Saying farmers won peacefully.
Das ji mr. Economist please first see the life of farmers in village  then argument. On the income of agriculture they cannot educate there children in top institutions..
A real picture painted about Kisan Bill. 
Economists think of industrialisation and ultimately favouring Industrial  Houses . Now they aim to grab all lands , which has become valuable , so that all farmers of Punjab, Haryana leave their self respect become  cheap labour force  at mercy of Big Houses as of Bihar, Eastern UP, MP etc.
The previous governments have also not bothered to implement reforms & infrastructure for Farmers 
You guys are giving wrong information on farm bill. Shame on you for putting wrong information. # support farmers
I hope they come to a consensus with the government soon and get their rights and wants. Farmers are the foundation of any country. Jai Hind!
My Grandfather is a Farmer
these farming bills are totally corporator friendly.Plz analysis and research more.Koi paper me likhi hui acchi lge cheez wo real me acchi ni hoti.Aur apke fact ke hissab se mcdonald agr khde ki mai nhi khridunga tumse kuch quality ka bahana bna ke jb bahr rate ssta ho kissan sdm tk hi ja skta hai.Sidha sarkar ki chor niyt dikh rhi h.Either ur facts are biased or you do least research on bad consequences of bill
I love Indian farmers!
skih should understand its time to be free from India its time to free Khalistan come on brothers.
You should also cover if APMC is shut down then none of the small vegetables seller will be able to purchase the goods for trade which will eventually lead to unemployment and that unemployment will be huge if look into bigger picture and these big companies will create monopoly in this sector and sell the commodity at their own prices.
Finally after 1000s of farmers sacrificed their life to come to this day .
I am from Punjab region of India
That not good! Modi ji will bring out something soon.
I come from an India where a channel like THE QUINT, the WIRE which have repeatedly posted against Hindus is considered as a secular channel
It is sad the farmers got nothing out of this because of their leaders ego.
It's like we're living the moment when British were leaving india in 1947, who says you can't go back in time  our great freedom fighters must be proud of the farmers
According to a report by the National Crime Records Bureau, thestateswith thehighestincidence offarmersuicide in 2015 were Maharashtra (3,030), Telangana (1,358), Karnataka (1,197), Madhya Pradesh (581), Andhra Pradesh (516), and Chhattisgarh (854).
BJP's Ego won't let to get their policy back and it is more important than farmers welfare in this country..!!
farmer of punjab haryana is so aware and brave.
Farmers have won there right
Farmer big victory
This co called cool urban generation will never understand this issue. They just think of their own comfort. But they don't remember the fact that khaneko to farmers hi dete h lekin unki koi izzat nhi krta h. Unhe gao wale gawar kha jata h. Farmers urban public ke bina survive kr skte he but urban public can't survive without farmers "katu sattya he".
the govt is not removing MSP at all and even the mandis are also at the disposal of the farmer,  its the opposition who proposed these three laws during their tenure, theres nothing a farmer is loosing ...here ..
3. Contract farming is exclusionary when it comes to small and marginal farmers (You can find a lot of research literature on this. 
SHO empowerment. Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan.Fear of losing election in UP & Punjab  force to withdraw new Farm law. Finally Kisan wins the battle between Democracy Vs Power & Politics.
Brave Farmers! Listen to them, they bring you food !
your opinions are speculative. APMC will not be closed and MSP will remain. Farmers if not getting better prices than MSP from pvt companies they can always sell in APMC.
Salute to farmers of the country they remained resolute even after the repeal of farm laws.
Full support to our farmers 
Farmers protest is fully funded by NGO.
For those who sold this quite well that Adani Ambani is going to get the benefit of these laws remember one thing Adani Ambani doesn't commit suicide,bt farmers do. Goodluck with your future.
Farmers have won their fight.... congratulations indian farmers ...jai bheem farmers 
First canad GOVT. Should ANSWER HOW BLOCH GIRL KILLED BY ISI OF PAKISTAN IN CANADA. IS KHALISTANI AND PAKISTANI INVOLVEMENT IN IT. EVERY INDIAN  WANT TO KNOW THIS. FIRST ANSWER THIS QUESTION THEN WE WILL ANSWER YOU, WHAT IS OUR FARM LAW.
Please speak on Shanta Kumar Report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from Punjab, Haryana, Western UP etc and should be done only in Eastern states, secondly as per DOHA round of WTO US, Canada, EU etc are pushing India to restrict  procurement and stocking  to service PDS i.e. 40%of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70% of population, thirdly what happened in Bihar after private procurement was introduced and public APMC were abolished and what happened to Apple growers in Himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement, lastly PEPSI has large contract farming for Potato in Punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per Kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time. just giving political twist does not help farmers cause, the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal, the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward, if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws...
It should have been mentioned that food companies/retailers can buy non perishable items in large quantities at the time of harvesting, giving no sensible price benefits to farmers and store that to sell within mandated 100% increase, without attracting Essential Commodities Act. Even if that provision is imposed prospectively, it will not make any dent on company's profit.So it will squarely benefit the procurers only. Anyone who keeps track of increase in  onion prices every year, knows that this is a play by large traders only. Farmers do not get any benefit of higher prices. Hereafter, it will be legitimate action for all commodities.
Mai humesha apne doston se kehta hoon ki jo extremes dikhte hain, sach kahin un dono ke beech hota hai, farmers act me bhi ye sahi baat hai, thank you so much sir for this informative video. It brings clarity and save us from propaganda.
Go, have some field work instead of posting someone else's video at 2:31. How can you tell by just looking that there is no farmer in the video?!  It's just so misleading.! It's similar to what one news channel did to a farmer. He asked how can you be farmer you are wearing jeans  and jacket. !
Also the third law which removes the limit of storage was never for farmers as setting up cold storage is very expensive and to acquire license you ought to have very good Connection with politicians of the ruling party therefore it was clearly meant for industrialist 
Farmers have the right to protest as long do not disturb other pple activity  request MODI govt.will do sumthing to help this farmers demand our daily food is from farmers all of us should give respect to farmers
I just want foreign protestors to explain all 3 laws and explain how they are diff from existing laws in US and Canada. 99 % of them will not be able to answer Because there aren't any . These laws are based on US CANADA laws. I look forward for them to protest for poor white Farmers of US CANADA.
Half of the country works in agriculture. I feel for these farmers who have likely been on single family small farms for generations, but the reality is that shouldnt be sustained in the 21st century when more efficient options for the country as a whole are available. If you look at the farmers decreasing share of wealth by GDP its mostly not because they are getting poorer its because all the other sectors are getting richer as they continue to industrialize/innovate. In the short term it may be hard to believe, but in the long term what the government is doing is probably for the best of all of them.
Love Haryana, Rajsthan, UP n all other on ground and online supporters from Punjab 
7:14 you should be showing data of Punjab and not MP right! Yes farmers in Punjab are being stopped from selling product outside mandis even after the law change
Election won not farmers !
Solute to our farmers
If you get free after farmer protest... Tell me about your country protest... It's hot now a days
Contract farming: this should not be the only option. Contract companies are monoculture, reluctant to re-invest back into farming communities' rural interests. Sub-standard commodities can be rejected. Payments to farmers can be delayed. 
Witness who was given to police custody was later found dead and farmers are being blamed for it ! Who eliminated the key witness ?
why is it only Punjab farmers have a problem and no one else in India.....Seem staged 
It has given the opportunity where the farmers have the right to sell their produce in any market across India which also includes the APMC
"Farmers Protests in a nutshell".....
Very well explained. It's just not farmers that this bill is affecting, it will affect us/civilians with high prices.
Why is no you tuber giving personal numbers of farmers after they interview farmers so the people who are watching from overseas countries can call them and talk with them and help them with whatever they can ..there are a lot of people out here who feel for the farmers of India but have responsibilities of their own lives that they can't come to India to help these farmers...and there is absolutely no way of getting in touch with such needy farmers without a broker in between..hope some YouTuber will work with farmers to get them personal assistance through getting them more connected with the world
Kisan phle smjh gye they bill..        Govt Chunav k time bill smjh payi..
For around 15 minutes the topic agriculture takes a tangent to ola and Uber way of living. But again comes to the agriculture. One reason for the agitation of in Delhi and now on outskirts of Delhi is for the MSP not to be regulated. So I wonder whether the people agitating are farmers or people from the cartel. Anda latest news of rape case makes it much more clear whether they are farmers aur otherwise. 
If you claim that earlier there were some rules which prevented farmers from selling outside APMC, you should quote in your video some instances of previous years where the Govt had taken legal actions like arrest, penalties or seizure against farmers for violation of APMC rules.
More than 150 precious Indian farmers loss their life due to the peaceful protest.Poor BJP Goverment unable to find the solution to the suffering people in India.Modi has sold the India to Ambani&Adani? BJP is under collapse
What you said is too biased. You're only talking from farmers perspective. Talk from a customer's perspective (comman man)
I pray to god that all farmers should immigrate to any other developed country because this country don't respect farmers
Excellent explanation of the bills , but now I understood the bills but I'm soo confused of on whom it'll impact , will it benefit farmers at the cost of middle-class or it'll benefit both corporate and farmers at the cost of middle class or it'll benefit farmers and corporate at the cost of middlemen involved in the APMC should see how it'll turn out
Why? Why bother the farmers? We need them, I don't care what country their from. This is such ashame. This world.....the whole earth is nothing but wickedness. I'm worried about the children. What future they have to just be? It's such a very very sad thing.
Kudos to the team and especially the host for good pronunciation. I like your videos because mostly you represent facts and not share opinions. I felt that this video was skewed towards one dimension i.e. these laws are not good. The inclusion of facts on how these laws are helpful to the farmers would have given a better understanding of the situation. For example, if fewer farmers are going to the Mandis, does it mean that those farmers are getting better deals outside? Does these laws take away the Government protection of Minimum Sales Price from the Mandis?
I see a ton of Supporting farmers.
I m a right wing supporter but this time I m totally against of this political move.  
Save Farmers Save Food Save Humanity
Please translate this to Punjabi and Hindi and vireal it all over That's the least you can do for your country.
13. The current Government has given the highest MSP ever since independence to the farmers.
How about rest of the farmers? We certainty don't trust mandi system. We don't give a damn what Punjab & haryana thinks. We are also farmers and we won't let the mandis have their monopoly. We will protest again against the repeal.
APMC should organized the farmers and on behalf of the Farmers APMC should deal with the corporates.
Akash ji not to forget NRI Punjabis who Protested in every country in different parts of the world they lived in, outside indian embassies and Also reached out to their public representatives and issued international statements in their respective parliaments
Now Farmers are my inspiration for determination and discipline.  Their spirit and generosity is applauded
Screwing over farmers is insanity, don't know what else to say :/
2. Mandi's with minimum support price will remain in place. If you don't want to sell to multinational, you are ok to go to Mandi's
We stand farmer
so i agree with ur all points but 1 thing i want to say agar koi badi company ne farmer se koi bhi vegetable ya fruits etc. mangte he and unhe koi bhi problem face karni pade  to as per the new law of supreme court at that time the farmer is the consumer and they can go to consumer court !! for their justice...
These politicians and police have a firm belief that the public is dumb. The public will believe whatever garbage they will show us. Jagoo Indian jagoo... You can support whomever u want and vote. Just at least don't trust blindly, keep questioning. Ye desh droh nai bulki awareness kehlai jati hai. Critical Thinking is a tool to check there statements and policies don't give away your tools in undhbakti.
Only Haryana and Punjab farmers are protesting
The laws are written as "agrarian reform" but really its "agrarian de-regulation" with stripping of protections, rather than adding more protections that are needed. This de-regulation is in the spirit of trying to kill the small agrarian society and transfer to a big business mentality, which the farmers are obviously not in agreement with. 
Red shaul aunty really educated, thnx to thnk about farmers
Please support bjp party
Who thinks that Farmers Bill is to help Jio Mart
Wht is the fault of a middle class businessman he is not to do any income and you all want to make them hopeless and make them poor and also break the relationship between a farmer and small businessman. So don't be smart it's required to study again wht is the bill you are not clearly explaining . Not only farmers but also all drivers  are lost there work. If I'm wrong then pls suggest me why you are not discussing about that and whatever proof you mentioned in your video regarding mandi system that is totally wrong because mandi is generating by government and the rate is fixed by government kisan get benefits from mandi. This bill is only to grow the corporate business.
17:15 had tears in my eyes !! Goosebumbs  yeh h india !! Support farmers !!
Farmers will not die with corona virus they will be die with these bills instead farmers will lose their lands,they will be lose income if they let big business decide prices and buy crops
Thanks for showing this news. We need international media support  Support farmers of every nation.
congratulations to all farmers and specially  tribute to those who lost their life in this battle of livelihood
Actually the real correction needed is make the MSP a law(legalise it)along with farm laws in place & tax agriculture above certain limit.
I think many farmer leaders will see this video and then conclude. Didi, you had made an amazing video for us to understand this chaotic protest of farm laws.
Modi government take this decision due to elections, but there is possibility that this will backfire and increase the problems for BJP. Let's hope for better 
Digvijay's son even if inducted in BJP should never given a ticket immediately
punjab ke chhote farmer sath the
Wonderful act to enrich the farmers and boot out the brokers.
Salute to brave and courageous farmers 
6) creating a multipoint earnings system for farmers
Now also telling lies........good actor.....could have cried also.....and elections in many states are coming. So the fools in our country will give once again their votes to BJP.
Good Explanation of the farmer bills introduced in India with good examples. I have a question, in your research did you find any country implemented these kinds of rules successfully?
Thanks for covering, plz support farmers..... waheguru sareya da bhala kare
My dear meghnad only 6% farmers in nation get benefits of msp. All others get lesser price than msp. I always support your initiative in news media but you have less info on farming just like any other city guy...
No farmers, no food.
What farmers were doing will be done by adani on a massive scale.  id rather let farmers take advantage than a person who holds no accountability for 3000kg drugs in his port.
Farmer bill benefits = demonetization's benefits....samjh rhe ho na aap
Peoples paying attention towards the broken terrace not towards the broken bones of farmers
The main question is that why is Bihari farmer still the poorest in India even though they under new laws since 2006 and these are the same laws as passed by BJP last year?
So sad to say so because the first atrocities prevailed in occupied Kashmir for the last 15  months where Kashmiri Muslims are detained without any livelihood and no voice from UN, UNSC or the civilized world, but now when the farmers are protesting for the genuine rights, even modi or anybody else is listening to the demands, so think about whose fault, I would say prank modi ?
Throwing tear gas on farmers  , such a *HUMANE* act by BJP govt .
The farmers of the entire country are not protesting. It's only the ones in the north western part (Punjab, Harayana). 
If farmers are not happy then why bring it now. Anyhow they are the ones who are going to struggle In farms. Nobody else. They know what needs to be done
Young farmers in the US support India. We hear you. We value your rights legacy and voice.
The sadness in the eyes of the farmer is heart wrenching. May God give you strength
The first mistake Modi govt made with the farm laws was to introduce them vua ordinance...sab laws bhassadh pe pass nai hote, kuch kuch laws dheere dheere tactically pass krna hota hai. So, lets see how this is tackled by the govt. now
Guys this is the time for Modi to think about the integrity of India. The farmers matter is now the news in the USA.
Late. Lal Bahadur Shastri and Late. Chaudhary Charan Singh .... Both former Prime Minister tried well to make reforms and benefits for Farmers... But Sadly the regime was 4 years ,  6 months respectively
Died Farmers should get compensation
up or other state m har k dr sta rha tha isly Modi..n bill vaps liya bechra..
BJP is taking india to pre-british era. If you vote once again to yogi and modi, better dug a grave and lay inside
We should take inspiration from farmers and be prepared for 2023 polls...lets show what happens when you try do jhumla with public..
This community is political parties  not farmer's    please understand
And just throw that mentality outta ur head that only the farmers were killed ig more than farmers..the police and the innocent people were the one who died in majority..
Victory is for Congress ,Punjab  Brokers , Commission mandi agents
Just a question, if something is not in favour of people then people can oppose it by protests and all (yes there was violence here) but the voice is heard here of farmers so, is this a good thing that people's voice is heard ?
Last time i was voted for BJP but now I'm realizing BJP want to rule but they are not interested in common man's issues..... Using us as tool for get victory in election.... 
I've watched all those episodes which you pointed out here and I'm gonna watch it again. Entertainment wala bhi. The repeal is a victory of democracy. Even though lives were lost. The farmers have actually revived my faith in the democracy of our nation. N I thank the entire deshbhakt team for bringing us real news that matters. Thank you . Jai Kisan. Jai Hind.
I don't understand. If your eating and living outside the India and supporting such protest without any studies. It Useless. because you are paying tax to outside country not in India.
Agreed.... these farm laws were more to help investors who could invest heavily on storage systems and gather the cream of margins. There is lot more that we need to do farmers:
Godi media sarkari news channel- more worried by T-shirt than 5 dead farmers
Red salute to the comrades on farmers march...
liteally having tears in my eyes after the scence where punjab and haryana farmer where huging each other.the best documentary ever i have watched on farmers.now i am thiking that why we are learning civivs in our schools because there is no democratic right in india the goverment is throwing water sticks wtf is happening.now from daily 1 or 2 farmers are dying but the media is not showing that and on onther hand when susand died i think the issuee was there from next 6 months the farmers are also people only.i think india is becoming germany of hitler times there also the same happen..so the people of india ope your bloddy eyes and see what is happening there..many people are saying that there is mella no the people are dying............there so plz now you call any person sitting in rain in this cold winter days khalistani or a terrorists you have to be a murderer or killer of farmers..so plz dont trust any media....i am with farmers...................................... kisanmajdoorektazindabad
Farmers of India are Einsteins of India. Good for them. God bless the farmers of India.
APMC has not abolished and MSP has not gone so what's the problem even If farmer sell their Produce outside the APMC because Outside the APMC price can also go high or low for particular produce according to demand and supply.
It will be bad for common people also, as they big corporations will buy cheap, from farmers and then stock up on the grains and sell very expensive to common people
Farmers are at fault? What this guy talking, same like modi
Modi mostly take wrong decisions and implementation of all the decisions is bad. India has suffered badly from Modi decisions. Eg notebandi gst lockdown mismanagement ujjawala and agri rules and many more.
We need another protest against India's racist Citizenship Amendment Act.
This can be seen as strong protests made modi to revoke the farm laws...
Farmers are true hero. They try to divide amongs farmers
This decision slightly benefitted Bjp but not opponents. Although this bill was monsterous, like CAA, but MSP is not feasible for all products except for rice- wheat- pulses.
Sacha itne bade jhute ho tm log how the suv run over the farmers who where protesting
First reaction on farm laws after two year. Only election drama
I just don't get it that why are some people in India are opposing the Farmers ( who in this case are right ) and not the government. Why are people like Kangana is calling these Farmers, who are precious and backbone of India, terrorist ?
Good. The bills were better explained. It is very important to keep away middleman from the market because they are hugely exploiting the farmers by giving very lower price to the products.
farmers exploiting market, out of your mind
Yes uploading videos is good way to make some money, but showing facts instead of such incorrect information can do more good to you. Can you share data here or make another video on - farmers from how many states have participated in this protest.
I usually don't dislike NDTV's videos but the title is just showing they are somewhat biased. If bjp minister does something bad they clearly write" bjp minister" but when congress ministers relative is involved they just wrote minister. Just to be clear I don't like bjp it's just a thing I noticed
If APMC is not abolished by these bills, then I do not understand why farmers cannot get MSP from APMC for their product if no seller purchases them?
I understand these 3 bills are good for the farmers but mostly illeteracy driving them towards dependency on middleman agents. But Central government must boost counciling to farmers and educate them.
Don't propagate fake news. She never called Farmers As Terrorists.       Even TOI have given a clarification about their Headline.
3) A factor we always forget is that corporates may want to buy products but at the same time lot of digital markets are increasing which can give farmers ample opportunity to sell them in the market throughout India in one click. 
7. Some environment activists with links with separatist organisation convinced Greta it to be an environment issue and sent a document with a detailed cyber media war plan to spread false rumors about injustice against farmers to create unrest.
Wo toh terrorists the na kisaan kese ho gye ab
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.------
Sir, my father is farmer. They do  hard work in farm day and night but they don't get benefita frm ... so plz tell me what I do?
In the state of Maharashtra already farmers have benefitted with the new laws.
Non resident indians are enjoying a free-er market in US but wants old rules for India. Bugger off you people can, a huge audience and farmers in india supports the bill.
I don't support modi these days but these Bills are good. 
Yes...we r indian farmers
We are with our nation's farmers, as they are the core of the country.
PM Modi eats imported mushrooms worth Rs 1.2 crore every month, so he don't know the pain of Indian farmer
We support Modi
India me justice against powerful political leaders is rare case.
Home minister of UP should resign for justice in this incident. He may resume post after justice is delivered to farmers.
Farmers were protesting peacefully from last 5 months... Today deliberately govt planned this to diminish the protests...
election aa raha tha to kya krte ye bjp wale
I supported farm Laws form the beginning , perhaps this is the biggest let down for Modi govt .
Your Video seems biased.... Farmers know what's better for them... That's y they r protesting...
Foolish farmers just utter foolishness ....no problem for us it is u who will die poor
I love modi Ji equal to my parents we want to Tamilnadu God always with him one and only honest pm in India Iron Man of India our pm I love very much our pm
what will you pay to compensate for the farmers who lost their life .
These farmers have shortsighted goal. Now one of their demands is freedom to pollute the air with stubble burning putting health and lives of millions to jeopardy. If you listen to lots of bipartisan economists, the newly passed farm laws is very good for the farmers nation wide. But the farmers from Punjab continue to oppose it irrationally. Looks like they are being setup by some forces opposed to Modi government or progress in India.
Took control from states and made 1 act for whole country. Centre govt will issue guidelines related to it the state and no role in except adherence to the guidelines, mode and manner in which payment shall be given to the farmers. 
About 3rd bill - Indian farming business lacs huge storage (including cold storage) facilities. 1000s of Tons of farming products getting rotted due to this, every year. To have that rectified this bill is required.
People who are protesting are misled farmers and the people who are beneficiaries of mandis. International media making it a propaganda to fit the narrative. Do not believe in this news channels. Google for more info.
MSP Discussion is must in bill it should be amended
Very nice sir..but it  would be more helpful   if you would have thown light on why farmers are protesting..the root causes....and what governments are taking steps to tackle this issue.
Love to all those farmer's 
As an overseas citizen of Indian origin I can tell you it is shameful the way India's reputarion has been tarnished thanks to bjp. Of course we had a lot of issues before but the world look to us as an example of a successful democracy, now we are one of the worst when it come to human rights. Indians, please vote out this modi mob, they are not fit for the job, we are going backwards in every single measurebe it economy, happiness, hunger, poverty, human rights.
This video should be shown every news channel or politician or farmers of our country so that they can understand what's the actual act  and how it's work(Positive/negetive effects)
2:16 open auctions with transparent pricing this is the whole issue. Neither the auctions are open nor the pricing transparent. The arthias (dealers) group up in each mandi and decide a common highest bid, above which no other arthia will go. Ground reality is very different then theory. The arthias are bullies. And their is no real oversight in the mandis. The people who are meant to actually overlook the functioning of mandi and protect the farmers do the exact opposite. They team up with the arthias or more precisely, they issue the arthia license only to their family members/relatives to gain monopoly over the market.
You also made it sound like now they have the freedom to sell to anyone, whereas in reality that was always the case! But small farmers do not have the resources for transportation and marketing. Actually the situation is much worse than how it comes across in your video... too much detail to put here. But the intent and how it's going to play out in reality is alarming
I think farmers deserve highest salary. But this is devasting to know that they suffer the most.
I want to discuss farm bills with the guest, iss bnde ko koi jankari hi nahi k reforms aur bevkoofi mein fark kya hai
currently am a CA aspirant, generally i am short of time to complete my classes but i thought as a citizen of india i should see this vedio, 
MSP is being fixed by the government not by the APMC. Farmers will still enjoy MSP and APMC if they so wish. The most rewarding thing is that they would be liberated from the clutches of middle men.
After the election. The Modi government will put in other similar laws.
Modi intention was good enough to bring reforms in farming... But unfortunately a section of farmers specially from panjab not understood what was benefits of it, congress just played politics....
If there is no farmers no food  nobody can work than no business no companies no cities  nothing can work without food how can modi forget he eat when farmers grow work hard  shame on modi
I believe new agriculture bill needs some immediate changes so that loopholes cant be exploited by future buyers, The bone of contention is fixing msp and anti hoarding law if this is not implimented there will be dangerous consequences in future both for farmers and end users/ customers...
You didn't explain the laws, nothing about APMC, MSP, Did you even read the laws? Wtf dude, Our National Flag was disrespected on our REPUBLIC DAY, 394 cops were injured that day. You surely didn't report this. How in Maharashtra Pvt Regulated Markets are successfully running, farmers are quite happy with it. What kind of propaganda is this? Go read something my friend.
Forgive me for my thinking if you find anything wrong - I'm thinking like this. GST was Success, Digital Economy is Success, Farm Bill will also be Success. 
Its simple. Let farmer protest becz its their rights, and govt must listen to them becz its their duty.
The farmers of Punjab were subsidised by indian state because famers of punjab provided food security to India.
The farmers are selfish: they're artificially raising the price of food higher than it has to be.
Godia media ..shame shame shame this bootlicker is vulture and supporting rss bjp
Just on small thing a politician son got so angry killed the farmer who were doing peaceful protest imagine how much risk dhruv rathee  & his family has about their life yet he keeps trying to put his honest view and statements with proves so boldly in front of Indian youth and many more 
Good to have people like you .keep supporting our farmers 
I support this bill. This bill bring lot of benefits to the formers
Farmer makes a vegetable get 2 rs and customer sell for 15 rs. Dont u think farmer is exploited? Yes the difference is much more than what a farmer gets. It is the best thing for a farmer. Why they protest? I dont understand!
SUPPORT TO THE FARMERS !!
U are trying to be nuetral which is good but u need to take it easy.. chew ur words. Let the content sink in. It seems like a bombardment of facts and frankly I get a sense of little desperation to sound 'balanced'.. Because u haven't mentioned about the reality of pathetic condition of the farmers across the country bcz of the lack of an actually implemented MSP or Mandi system. Why do u think that the farmer of Bihar works a daily wage labourer in Punjab? These bills will lead Punjab Haryana also to a similar fate! 
What bakwaas he is doing? They already removed MSP and farmers become bigger in BIHAR. 
5:10 why do you think the farmers will move out of the regulated system.
Machinery , Diesel ,Harden family members Labours & security of crops by protecting day / night from Estray animals They become THE OWNER OF CROPS Farmers will get the Price of crops after reducing the cost of seeds and PesticidesI n case of any Mishapening Corporate has the right NOT TO BUY the crops because it is not up to the Mark 
Then why mr. Khattar govt. Will go against it's own central govt by doing protest, as these protests first started in haryana itself...
It is very hard to let the farmer count dip, but it is healthy for a nation
Not an easy thing. Wel organized. This nation was freed by doing lot of protests and sacrifices.The farmer protest slapped very tightly on the face of ruling govt.
If farmers dont want mandis to go why modi even concerned
To all those commenting about this topic - please take a few minutes to Google exactly what the new farming reform laws are about . And exactly what the  protesting farmers demands are about, to understand why indians are so sensitive about this issue. 
Hmmm ... Why is the government Having Problem's Giving Legal  Msp ToThe Farmer's? Simple Sa Problem Hai, Solution Bhi Simple Hai, Then Why Are They Hesitating?
The coverage by Times Now on this issue is much better than Republic TV. I'm glad that Times Now has called out the criminal opposition but also called out the games the BJP in the center is playing by letting this fire burn in the hope of getting the public to backlash against the opposition. The BJP at the center has to do its job instead of acting helpless.  Only the U.P. BJP government of Yogi Adityanath is doing their job.
Great victory by farmers but this ruthless ruler ( Modi ) killed over 600 farmers. Think about if you belong to a farmer family and your elder brother who went to farmer protest never came back. Close your eyes and visualize that pain for a second. 
Even if govt agreed to MSP on first 2 bills in time due to corporate pressure to political party they will revoke it
This place they use as camping holiday sites. This is not a farmer protest this is politics.
Good work the lallantop News Chanel .... kisan ekta zindabad
We support farmers,
Farm Bills Will Create Utter Chaos, Farmers Already Subject to Murderous Price Fluctuations' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAQ-l2U4sAg
Government needs to keep the apmc to make the adequate supply of wheat and rice in the market india can not afford shortage of these two its gonna be disastrous
These bills allow the farmers to sell their produce outside of the mandis if they want and get better prices.
The world should understand there are 29 states in India. Punjab farmers doesn't represent entire country. Punjab is one state among 29. China and Pakistan borders are not alone protected by Punjabis.  We respect Sikh people but there are some elements in them who are working against the well being of the country
Some Farmers are unable to understand the vision of PM Modi. He always looks beyond 20 years and does things. It's unfortunate that farming sector won't be able to move forward.
First point that this news report missed - These protesters are from punjab , a congress run state which is in opposition to central govt right now. Nearly all the other states in the country are in support of this bill. Second , they were given a whole lot of road to themselves and barricades were done in civilian area where normal people had stuff to do , but these people had some agenda of their own and instead of going where they had to go , they choose to disturb normal public life. Third they destroyed public property , buses etc..Forth , they even choose to disragrd the Indian flag and they put their khalistani flag instead on the constitutional building. Fifth all the sympathy that they had and support by public was lost today with what they did..Nobody can mess with Indian flag here , that too on republic day..Sixth people are now starting to question from where so much money is coming , because these people here are just 'FARMERS' .
I am an Apmc licence holder and i clarify to you that not everwhere in india the traders having same price, and not everywhere the farmers are exploited like you mentioned earlier in your video,
And second more important fact to notice is India's ever falling global hunger index rank..if these laws will be implemented a major portion of indias society will fall in poverty and hunger striken due to increased prices of food and no subsidized crops
A rapist and murderer can appel to court, then why not farmers??
We just witnessed an iconic moment in our history believe it or not. More power to farmers.
ppl say that they lose land as Ambani / Adani or corporates will take over their land over period of time. How much land will they buy all over india as 60% and more ppl are into farmiing. Govt is giving them subsidy from the start till end like in fertilizer, seeds , power, interest rates from banks, insurance etc. Thet dont pay taxes on their product sell. Govt gives them Rs 2000 every 4 months. ppl at borders are middlemen and farm workers, mandi and APMC workers who are told that they will lose jobs because of these laws
If govt have courtesy dey shud give MSP to farmers it is very simple to exe and mandate buyers
Now, are contents: some of these are against the interests of farmers, public property, etc. Mandies, MSP    agreement  purchaser  labour,fertilzer,pesticide etc.        ,    ,  ?
The talk should have summarized the impact of the existing system on farmers.
Kisan ekta zindabad...modi govrnment shame on you...no farmers no food..plz delhi citizens support farmers...jai jawan jai kisan....we are farmers not a terriost...
When he says farm bill, I keep hearing 'Fomble'
Massive respect to everyone supporting farmers.
No wonder the girl covered good information but she only narrated one side of coin. Her title is wrong firstly as it only sounded like shes 100% supporting new bills and is only narrating flaws of previous APMC system. 
Where are those people who was saying farmers who are protesting are unaware of this bill 
Still they won't go to there home I'm sure ! Bcz there are no farmers , all are free loaders there
The BJP is working to sell, lease, auction and handover public infrastructure to private and corporate supply chain. Like sarkari schools, the dark laws will destroy farming as it has done to education, healthcare and employment dedicated to the poor !
I am not from farmer background. But I can feel the pain what they are facing .          talented     presentation  world class 
How  pathetic to see ,  a police who claims he  is son of a framer but cant  stand with the  Farmer .  Police  or bureaucrats has  lost  their spine  &   became  puppet  of  Government .
We need co operative institution like AMUL for farm produce, which can manage storage and supply chain and do not loot consumer or farmer.
there too many farmers in India, there no way to solve the problem unless there are plenty of jobs
This is why Modi government strong on bill, good keep up Modi ji
I Salute all the farmers and lets support , This time the government should not win . Lets support
Trevor I am glad u brought that up but just try to think ur country too have these law like the rest of the world. In india farmers works on very small lands that's why govt. made these laws as an option, old system is there to stay which u didn't mentioned. Red fort incident , Khalistan movement which u didn't mentioned. There are some problems with the law which can be sorted out. Now u know something
2. Bills were made for farmers and they were not brought on the table to discuss before the bills were introduced.  this is not tuglaq raj we are a democratic country. 
One side Indian media is showing that Pakistan and China is funding in farmer protest . And second side showing that Pakistan is so poor that even a child cannot afford a sweet .so how they can invest in India's protest and China hmara mama lgta h ai? Joh protests mai invest kregi dimmag kholo andbhagaton.. use your brain.
Very lucid and crystal clear explanation. Basically, a Wolf in a Sheep's cloth Policy. Next, foreign investments in storage, cold chain etc will come and the farmers may be charged for this too while selling the produce and the consumers too can be charged giving them good profits, and we will face an era of high inflation ahead.
Bhaiyo share kro...or iss nafrat ko mitane ki puri koshish kro farmers ko opposition bhadka rhe he bss or kuch nhi so plzz share it..dhanyawad
If farmers stay united like this after laws then these laws can't harm them.
When our government repealed this act I'm happy not because bjp lose or farmers win but Democracy exist
I feel sad when these kind of information is shared but not clarifying the entire truth.. all these small videos on 3 farm laws don't talk about government's explanation in the parliament and also they don't talk about the news where actual farmers are supporting these laws. Please search in youtube about the new farm laws and see the farmers talking... I like Trevor's videos but the script is wrong by showing only one side of story which anti-government sentiments .. I would encourage Trevor's team to do a video on greta's toolkit episode ..
Our farmers are backbone of india, they should be saved.
Hy Vox, I've always liked your content like this one, howsoever you've taken the current farmer pains correctly but missed out and even portrayed the gov a bit draconican towards farmers .. perspective of gov here is also correct for national development, if you check the history MSP,  it was introduced as a policy to incentivise farmers to take up the green revolution and from there a great gentry (orignally farmers, in 13th century England) entered political space and controlled agri markets, thereby making wheat and rice, the most needed crops at the time (as they are staple in India), the major crops procurred under MSP. Due to the political inheritances, the policies didn't changed and rice and wheat production shooted, rice, a thirsty crop has been grown unchecked in states like punjab and haryana due to the unchecked protection provided through MSP and the 'Farmer Politicians*' resulting in water levels going to new lows every year (Punjab and Haryana ranks in the relative lowest categories acc to rainfall index in India, so a thirsty crop in a water dry state), the problem intensifies as gov also provided electricity subsisdies which leave farmers with no checks to keep their water pump running. Introducing these bills, the gov intention is to harmonize agriculture produce according to market demand (by opening deregulated markets which operates on the economics of supply demand), this will not only push farmers to diversify crop production by making a shift to more sustainable, more profitable crops ( numerous agri startups providing end to end services are on a high rise in india to provide aid) but also aid government to reduce the buffer (wheat and rice rott in capacity of 100's of tons each year due to unavailability of efficient storing spaces and gutt load of produce.) Yes, the system leaves spaces for exploitation of farmers by big corporation but the current gov is not Anti Farmer as being shouted, thats just stems out of the pain that'll be caused due to change. But Vox, England became an Industrial Economy due to creative destruction as did any other rich economy. Correct bills and laws should be passed and not protested looking at the long term gain and not the short term pain. I am not a BJP supporter, I myself think I am sounding like one, when I re read what i've written, but yes an enthusiast in knowing whats going around.
They give more empowerment to farmers without taking away anything from them.
One of the biggest problems u missed are about the corporates which ruin the farmers
ignored the loopholes completely and bragging about how the bills are good for farmer.
Many farmers had sacrificed themselves for the Farm Bill but Government did not even listen their needs.
IN THE END I WANT TO THANKS BBC AND OTHER MEDIA FOR SUPPORTING I MEAN REPORTING FARMERS PROTEST RIGHT FROM BEGINNING. THIS SUCCESS BELONGS TO U ALSO.
With farmers 
The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020,
Modi ji kahta hai ooska opposite karta hai - BJP/ RSS not worthy to trust- 2022 mein UP & Punjab ke election kay baad Modi,Shah & Yogi , BJP will definitely change its colour and make more stringent Anti Farmers Laws- Defeat BJP in 2022 & 2024 to pay true Homage to  Sant Ram Singh ji and other lacs of Martyrs families- Jhoothi Tapasya aur ful of  dramatic Modeling hi Modi ka Kaala sach hai Baaki sab Jhoothh
We need farmer's cooperative company for procurement, processing, selling and marketing ..like(Amul)..
Republic day the proud day for India didn't matter who you are except you are Indian which is a very proud day for you. These people decided to have violent protest on that day. Then they raise the flag by throwing the India flag. I was totally supporting farmer protest and I still do but this protest is more like hijacked protest by anti nationalist people. We have seen many evidences during whole peaceful protest since it began like one who where khalistani in protest,
Am I right in guessing that the most ruckus created in Delhi is by the middlemen who can't exploit the small farmers anymore?
completely meaningless report apart from showing us there are farmers protesting in large numbers in Dehli. sadly, almost no mentioning of the why and what turns them so violent. too complicated to explain what is wrong with the reform laws introduced last September?
Thanks Modi Ji. You were much better than those congressi in the 80s.
I'm farmer i used to attend  meeting's conducted by kisan unions many farmers unions leader's used to give speeches how Apmc market act is harmful , farmers should allow to sell directly to big companies and cancel the Apmc market act end the Monopoly of APMC market .
Intermediaries always increase prices unnecessarily.  Why have that when farmers can directly trade in the open economy?
Just mention "India" and BOOM, you'll see all 1.3 billion Indians in the comments section . I'm Indian too
I am a son of a farmer
More than 750 farmers died in order to open their eyes.
Many farmers murdered in this protest, & poor farmers suffered lot in winter cold on roads.
But farmers are exploited in the current system as well by aadti's in mandi
Do they mean indian punjab or pakistani punjab because you are not having a part of pakistan because of two reasons 1 pakistan will not give it to you 2 pakistani punjab is majority muslims not sikhs
Punjab Farmers Zindabaad Our Sikh Brothers Zindabaad. Time for U to Take Back Control of Punjab.!!
This need to be heard by Indian government. Modi govt. working for coporates Ambani and Adani
UNO PLEASE HELP TO INDIAN-FARMERS 
If kisan can go any where to sall dnt forget buyers can also go n buy from any where. As shown in your video max of kisan dnt money to go to Mandi's to sale thr good, how they can go out of state to sale there stuffes  
Proud to be a farmer
Mam please brief me that advantage and disadvantaged of farmers bill ?? Plss
4) India today has a huge surplus of wheat and rice, and we literally don't know what to do. Thats just some context on the six month supply ration. The other point here is due to repeating cycles of same crop the fertility had gone down and needs rotation and introduction of different/offbeat fruits and other vegetables. For this again money and risk appetite is required, where private capital is key. 
3) In the video it is already mentioned that cartelization and teaming up happens in APMC markets today, so what is the sense in continuing with the same system and support more middle men who do not let the farmers get the worth of their hard work & toil?
I m son of farmer from a village of punjab ..
I have grown up hearing how Middleman don't give farmers the price and today there is no talk about how that could be eliminated.
We are with farmer 
As far as the covid aspect is concerned, first mention how badly the Indian government has handled the pandemic. Freaking raves in Goa RIGHT NOW. And farmers sitting out on highways in the cold for 2 months are suddenly making it unsafe for everyone? Report properly, BBC
as someone from an indian farming family, i attest to the fact that trevor is wrong on all accounts
Each farmer has the strength of  lifting 2 policemen each hand, still they are maintaining peace. thats the meturity.
How that was win of farmers?
Salute to farmers they r so energetic
Literate's Wonder for Job and So Iliterate' Farmers.
our prime minsters kills 70 farmers our pm finished india aour govt make every day rules for his frend ambani and adani so why they protest  jai farmers
Voting should be done among farmers,if they want the law then it should remain if farmers not want ,then it should be removed ,simple
Now due to new farm laws anyone from any state can buy any crop without restrictions. Now the competition between buyers rises and farmers end making almost double income. Contract farmers helps farmers sell at at particular price which doesn't depend on fluctuations in the market. Corporates lend them technology, knowledge which increases yeild.
Kise ne Direct election ladda.. or kisi ne Shikhndi bankar.. Yoginder Yadav ne TV Debate par bethkar kha ke Hmara kaam 0itch teyar krna tha.. Bating Bowling to Smajwadi Party ne krni thi.. Tiket Sahib Share aam SP or RLD ki dalali krte ghum rhe the wo kya Rajniti nhi thi???
Tikait is a wise and honest person. Country should support him.
3. Agricultural reforms are need of the hour and corporatizing is one solution but farmers should not be left naked to market forces. Legal structures, govt oversight mechanisms and transparent pricing should be implemented
We should support our farmers 
This is result of unity of farmers of haryana, punjab and western up
ONLY PANJABI FARMERS ARE PROTESTING, ITS MEAN ONLY 1% FARMERS OF INDIA ARE AGAINST THIS LAW, SO THEY CAN'T IMPOSSED THEIR IDEA OVER MOST MAJORITYS FARMERS.
But one thing is for sure and that the Indian Government started Operation Blue Star specifically was aimed to eliminate Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale from the Golden Temple complex and regain control over Harmandir Sahib. Official reports put the number of deaths among the Indian army at 83 and the number of civilian deaths at 492, though independent estimates ran much higher, which by no means is a very sad thing. And same the Indian government is doing in the Kissan movement also. Anyone who can be used as a condom and later on thrown like tissue paper in a filthy bin will absolutely react as the assassinated Sikh veers did in government-oriented Operation Blue Star. So my humble regards to my Sikh brother and sisters all over the world.
Che Guevara's pic says all about education and intellect leval of Punjab and our farmers 
First and foremost, we must think that who are protesting. Obviously, our farmers. In a country if either  soldiers or farmers protest it means something is fishy going.
You showed us massive farms owned by US farmers in the beginning of the video. Your country already has privatised agriculture. Why do u have problem when my country tries to do the same? You mentioned mandis in your video. Yes it is a government sanctioned market where famers can sell their produce. But the problem is these mandis are now being operated by middlemen who 'fix' the prices of the crops. The government is trying to free the farmer from this and allowing him to go to any market to sell his produce. This has two implications; a positive and a negative one. Positive one is that it will give the farmer more options to sell his produce and to the highest bidder. Negative implications is that since he won't be using the mandi, the government cold storage that comes with it will be out of his reach and he will have to go to private cold storages to store his goods. However this can be overcome if the government invests in the infrastructure also. But did you u give my government the chance to do this? No. Did you educate your followers on this? No. 
PS:  To those who think that law was disastrous for farmers, ask ur self why no one appealed against the law in supreme court???
What about the rules which is imposes on farmer  without as per normal bill and without demand by the farmers? All the normal food in the market retail value finalized by the  manufacturer why only agril food product is valued by other ,It is good for farmers by  govt i.e MST but it is not implied 100%? Then what will farmers to do?
Government want to remove that middle man it is right and they just need to add msp in bill
Unfortunately the large section of farmers fell into the trap laid by the anti national elements
I have doubt why farmers prior to this act they  did not get MSp, with benfic of Mandis, why tomotoes and onions are thrown out side roads by the farmers, prior to this act
Modiji is what we will know once he is gone. He feels for the nation better than any other politicians.
Congratulations for hardwork of Indian farmers fight against evil laws and won..
Indeed it is fact that 90 % farmers almost against 3 farms laws 
Just disgusted that 6% of farmers corner Rs. 2 lakh crore of funds (pls read budget documents under Ministry of Food Procurement and Distribution before shitting in the comments) And everyone will celebrate how their tax money is being wasted. Literally I feel like iss desh ka kuch nahi ho sakta because you all only sit with half baked knowledge and support people who want to create economic losses and public nuisance #NOTMYANNADATA. Does the media DARE to interview farmers who don't get benefit of MSP? No because it doesnt fit in to their narrative. Shameful. And in return for this decision, criminals took over Red Fort on 26th January. You are not annadatas. You are criminals looting the country and sucking Punjab's groundwater dry. The joke is on you all but. In 2039, Punjab will run out of groundwater. Then who will you blame for YOUR mistakes? Shame on so called farmers.
Great visualisation farmers are cheap labourers by ex RBI governor 
Now I hate modi govt policy for farmer 
Farmers win 
When some traders in mandi can unite and exploit farmers then do you think the big companies will not ?
Price assurance = minimum support prices which has been in place for decades; this is price assured by govt and there are laws to ensure MSP; rice example - when farmer takes rice to mandi its qualitatively analyzed and price is paid then & there; there is no going back and claiming quality issues; being from farming family I do happen to know this
UP and Punjab election
It was not controversial... they were very good laws. Now these uneducated farmers will bring the indian economy down ffs
And another thing no farmer will be eligible to sell there crops to another states due to heavy costs of transportation 
If I'm not mistaken, it led to large-scale famines in India because food didn't end up where it was most needed but rather where it could fetch the highest price (because of large-scale traders)
MSP & compensation for 700 farmers 1 crore for each,
Mam you explained very well but u dont have proper knowledge you stated that bihar dont have msp and mandi and you know bihar farmer selling their rice crop for 800rs and but other states who follow msp their farmers sell their rice crop for 1800. Now you tell me how this bills benifits farmers. 
Government should exclude Punjab and Haryana states from these bills! Because these bills are infact beneficial for Gujrat, Maharashtra and Southern India atleast.
Thanks and appreciate finally  showing and talking about this ... i requested this to  2 months ago .. farming need to be saved and please humble request to humanity to support farmers of India .. and all around the world
as long as farmers depend on government they will never grow
Only Modi can divide Jawans and Kisans... The great divider in chief! 
Blessed B R dear farmers
I support Indian farmers....repeal black farm laws....no farmer no food
After Bengali election he thought about the future of BJP. By the way Jai Kishan
In turn, traders will also pressure farmers to sell as cheap as possible.
E bechne kaa savaal nahi hai. Ye political  virodhio ki chaal hai. Real Farmars had no problem. They oppossing the entry of bjp mla/mp and  SC has banned the laws  for sometime and SC not giving the correct decisions. To avoid conflicts laws repealed.
Congratulations to all the farmers and to everyone who supported their cause and efforts ! We are really proud of you guys.
Although I supported the farm laws this was inevitable. The farmers were brainwashed into protests by political parties and the protests were getting out of control. Maybe in the future when farmers are able to understand the laws better we can have them back
Great Victory Against Evil. 
Congratulation to all real farmers
Farm bills will change Agro sector
Ab unko kaha jaana nahi patha. Vo protests tho farmers ke favour mein hi nahi tha. Good decision. They will suffer and make all suffer.
Shame  4 kissan died . There are small children and women also in protest that was not way to treat them . Why govt so worried to listen if they are so correct. Why so much time to created 4th for msp if they say farmer will profit. msp was just minimum support proce of crop that is some what more than breakeven.
1st bill farmers will only produced what they are paid for by Corporates.
Actually, those solutions are business & innovative ideas/concepts that is used in commercial purpose to gain too much profits. That's why some Educated Persons don't train or give some advice to those Farmers.
Did the government agreed for MSP outside Mandi's ?
Punjab and Haryana farmers don't want more staples to come to their mandi as they wouldn't have as much as control as they used to.
Salute to our farmers 
Send this video to all political leaders of Punjab. Hopefully the party that wins the ongoing Punjab election will do something about this situation. Fingers crossed.
DEAR PEOPLE AT LALLANTOP PLEASE MAKE A DVD OF THIS AND COURIER IT TO ALL NEWS CHANNELS IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER THEY ARE PRO OR ANTI GOVERNMENT A COPY OF IT TO NBFC, PMO AND PRESIDENT OF INDIA ... ITS TIME TO MAKE EVERYONE REALISE THAT THE BOOK MARK LANGUAGE OF JOURNALISM..AND IF YOU CANT DO IT I VOLUNTEER TO DO IT MY SELF  SHAME ON THE PEOPLE WHO DISLIKED SUCH A WELL DEFINED DOCUMENTARY....
It is a win of ignorance, lack of drive to understand the bill, and lack of empathy for other farmers. But anyway democracy is a popularity contest.
Lot's of support to my farmers...#protectfarmers
last stand against corporate take over of farming in the world......
The politicians are enjoying while the police and farmers are struggling on the ground.
Sir jab airlines jab privatise hu ee to compition  badhi n air ticket saste  hue. But nw all airlinea are doing loss making. Owner is nvr in loss only wokers loss their job. Same thing is going to hr. Its law which affects 60percent  population needs more disccusion . Corporate  and contract farming is world wide failure. Its going to be fail in India too.
This 3 law was so muh good for small and medium farmers but this rich broker have played well
From what I understand that too is part of the new farm bill that is being protested.
This farmers specially from Haryana and punjab are afraid that they will lost the money while in other states farmers will profit.
Now, Govt has given the freedom to farmers to select the customer of their choice.
I will not say that the laws are 100% right..yes there are loopholes for which govt has to work..but what about the other side of the coin? The laws literally open markets and give farmers many chances
It seems beneficial for ruling party who reforms the farmer bill. Such repeated media interviews continuously declining his enthusiasm. 
.. punjabi Sikh Farmer are only 2% of total Farmers we can talk when at least 50%farmers are protesting
The debt crises can only be solved if the farmers earn a profit margin and repay their debt.
its only Punjabi and haryana farmers don't include all farmers of India.
That's good but farmers should rethink before voting.
then why farmers are protesting ??
UP, Punjab, KCR and lastly farmers - effort to placate all....sabka saath sabpe raaj
Bihar farmers got lower prices probably because necessary reforms didn't take place in other states particularly the important markets in the western & northern metropolises where they would get better prices for the produce, & bypass their own APMCs. You didn't mention what happened to the maharashtra farmers, may be it was the other way round? 
We are with our farmers 
Ma'am you said UP/ Bihar laws made to regulate MSP correcting you UP wheat/Quintal == 700  and Punjab== 1850 or plus.         MSP is 1800 smth nice laws reforms you talking about please fact check ma'am
Haryana and Delhi police must respect farmers. Modi is becoming more dangerous than whatever Congress party did before.
No farmers no food.
in simple govt. will sell farmers imposing tax also exploit farmers by big companies.
I love how in such a simple video, people again start religious dramas and criticizing Narendra Modi in the comments section.
Try to give all this information hindi , punjabi title so farmers can share it
Election aane wala hai offer milna start ho gya hai ab next gas ke price ko km kra jayega
Giving the Food Sector to the Corporates, is FATAL. Being a hardcore farmer myself, for more than 45 years. Have a good insight. We are the Producers of ESSENTIALS, the Selling Price, is determined by Others. Don't producers of other commodities, determine their own selling prices?? What are asking Basically is that the Minimum Support Price, announced by the government, be made mandatory, supported by Law. Regarding Contract farming, I myself have been taken for A Ride. When I took up the issue, the Only way out was, to go to the Court. Can, a farmer Work on his land or Go to the Court, is the Million dollar Question. The babus, sitting on Fancy Posts under the Payroll of others, do they Care?? Hahaha It is a different and a difficult Story to narrate. Check out, which parent wants his child to be a Farmer? It is difficult to get a bride for a farmer. Because of the Risk factor.
What is required for the solution is a negotiation between the farmers and the government. With 'yes/no' slogan from the farmers they cannnot enter the platform of negotiation. The govt. has opened the platform. Let the negotiation take place and continue for a better solution.
I am not coming from a Farmer family but  when i heard about the all dark truth of our country  literally saying *Meri Aankhon Mein Aansu Aagye * .  
well that's democracy.. big decisions can never be made so smoothly.. but soon farmers and govt will come to an agreeable conditions.. its not like china where u get disappeared and everything goes smooth. proud of INDIA'S democracy
Leaving the farmers at the mercy of the market is like handing them over a "death sentence"
Ok if government trying to bring directly private sector industries in farming by these 3 laws fail which eventually lead to monopoly of APMC and poor farmer will be poor 
Haryana & Punjab pioneered green revolution in India .....this is how Indian Government is treating them after all they have contributed for the nation. What an irony...
@AbhiandNiyu  One factual error- "Farmers are not allowed to sell their produce outside their state" where the fact remains, that, "Traders" or the "Middlemen" cannot sell it outside their own state. But your video was easy to understand and not biased
I come from an India where people blindly trust comedians but question the intentions of army and police.
Anyways he is a great benefit to ruling party by summarise  and focusing all issues regarding farmer bills with his illogical sense of laws. This would be great help to condemned the claims hi raised. 
Feel It's only political motivated aandoilan paid by anti social elements nothing else as if the government of India is agreed on the first only maang of the kisans offcourse only by Punjab and some part of Haryana which are managed still government of India and modi ji agreed on the back up of three kanoons why the hell the kisansans are still on the roads by spoiling the economy of the near by villagers and industrial zone feel it's a paid aandollan by some parties nothing else very simple
What a reporting, man! Salute to these farmers, their spirit and courage.
Learn this lesson well. See the unity under one cause. In the tribalism that is breeding with the help of those who would divide you, when there comes a time to take control, the tribes must give up their divergent resolutions and find a cause for all their strength. They will respect a desire that's able to set in motion every heart. What desire can unify the divided. Find it, and make it your rallying cry. No farmers, no food. No me, no you.
Still farmers need to v cautious n alert..yeh Modi Ka koi chunavi jumla toh nahi
2. New system will not regulated by government who will decide farmers are exploited or not.
Companies can procure from farmers  not under control with paying taxes to Mandis
1. Eliminating agricultural corporate to form agricultural co-operative farmers. Forming farmers society with different potential peoples from their areas. Central govt must provide loan and  
Currently, farmers must sell their produce to middle men/commission agents at state run markets i.e. middle men get to take all the profit. Government said, no, we want you to be able to sell to whoever you want, wherever you want. No need to pay commission to any agents. Basically they want to be subsidized for their produce, dont want to be held responsible for the stubble burning and causing air pollution and also want subsidized electricity.
This fool how was supporting violent farmers protest is now finding similar protest by Canadian truckers violent. This is what happens when a hypocrite pretend to be a liberal 
shame on you 6 farmers are dead and now also u are are doing fake journalism
Okay captain here to explain the situation in india, Farmers back then had to sell their goods to government with MSP (minimum selling prize) , the opposition party has always been the first one to call out for farm law by paper but never lived up to it , so the present ruling party has fulfiled it , 
Feel India Times is against Govt Of India. Why not shown the clip, that the mob beaten 4 persons brutally till death??
Farmers making suicide or getting killed in such violences.. is an curse to our nation.
this was informative to an extent but doesnt explain about the entire thing. Why do you think the so called farmers are only from Punjab and Haryana? Why do farmers especially in south doesnt even care about these laws. Punjab and haryana might be enjoying alot of money but still thats not the only state with farmers is it?
iske papa ne pahle se Switzerland bank me account bna rkhe hoge...ab to paisa hi paisa brshega..lekin bhai vote to usi ko jayega jiska aage piche koi parivar na ho...varna tum apne account full kar loge. #againyogi #againmodi
Mai is law ko repeal nhi karwana chahta tha isme kuch modification chahta tha this law is very good for marginalized farmer and bad for big farmer ....Phir wahi hua bade log jeet gaye chhote log haar gaye
Calling them khalistanis and Pakistanis Sir. The fact is, their resilience to get this kanoon scared you. You are a hard core politician. You want to win UP and Punjab. But your arrogance and ego will ensure that you do not win these elections. Your actions and what you say do not match. By the way, speech achcha tha. Jai Hindi.
I think farmers just need Legal msp and throw the rest act in the trash. That's it. 
3. By removing the cereals,  vegetables and oil seeds government is also helping the farmers selling in the open markets using the Second law earn more. So basically no one is losing. This is what my understanding based on your video.
Why can't Anurag Thakur  to do a Goli maro roar on the farmers? 
Now India need Amul for crop farmers
Msp is not about minimum bidding price.
I think , this bill will benefit farmers
yes for common people no benifit only big farmers and big business house will mint money
Thirdly, there is no bar on farmers to sell his crop anywhere in India. Practically it is the trader who can buy more quantity of crops and sell it in other states
BJP were continuously losing state elections and for  the first time they were scared !
Love punjabi people from Nepal. Also farmers get what they want. God bless them.
Dont just say loopholes!! Please elaborate them!! As you elaborated the so called benefits of the bill!! Looks like you being biased!! And bending towards government side!! Are you the new kind of IT cell deployed buy the BJP?
Highly disappointed, never expected this to be repealed just to satisfy some people..Neither BJP is going to win Punjab nor it satisfies his haters. Rather it has disappointed his supporters.
Awake ,oh, Youth of india go for better understanding of farmers bill. Till now we supported BJP. With the Farmers bill make a campaign to pull down BJP  . Do not forget parents ( the farmers) who fed you.
Nd then suddenly forgets the loop holes, nd in a way says that "farmers ki galti ye h ki wo United nhi h"
I support 50% and 50% not. Private entities ani Chahiye. Kisaano aur Jo bade business hai unka direct contact Hona chahiye. Private entities ke aane new technology ateyi. Connectivity badhegi. Agriculture infrastructure develop Hoga. 
Correction - punjab and haryana  farmers dont get benfit of mandi they get benfit due to procurement at msp by central government.
Millions of Farmers are NOT Dumb to sit in 1 C on roads probably they know shortcomings much better than You & I do. 
Modi  ji jindabaad garet  parson all tha ward
Farmers: need to ensure that MSP *exists*
Appreciate your clear analyses. Some points you have raised are hypothetical and for possible concern by farmers. However the farmers should have listed these issues clearly on the table when discussing in 11 meetings with the Government. They also failed to cooperate with the Supreme Court setup committee. You may have a clear picture but the farmers Union does not. Secondly what really happens in future is unknown. If there is an issue it can be subsequently corrected. As I see it it will definitely bring better income to farmers. My farmer relation is very happy that the middlemen who took 2.5% commission in the past has been eliminated with the new laws. Since the farmers do not pay taxes on their produce this income is a major contributer to black money. The new laws will control the flow of funds because all goes direct into farmers bank account. There is more but I think this issue is so politicalized it benefits the opposition parties who are fighting for survival and therefore will keep this issue alive for sometime.
Congress is coming very Powerful,for up coming elections.
But  cow rona gang  is not listning to farmers.
In 2014 god make me pm to help farmers comedy of the year
Are Indian farmars fromed by people on low social class?
Chore Chore Tikayat Chore. Innocent farmers ko loota
Farmers peacefully want to come delhi.. polive starts put water
Modiji can't fool farmers. Victory of Farmers
Sudeep or bjp support ko mai bata du ki -- burnol out of stocks hai
Govt. of India is forced to buy Rice at exorbitant prices - rice that no one wants. This rice then gets redistributed to other parts of India at rock bottom prices or for free. As a result, paddy/rice farmers in those states get priced out of the market and end up working as laborers for the greedy Punjabis.
My grandfather were a framer and I support farm law. We are obsessed with middle man and want to eliminate farm law. The people who are protesting are either mindwashed or middle man. Our people also deserve better life. Time will come when Punjab doesn't get  cheap labour from Bihar,UP,MP, Rajasthan and Bengal and it's time  for us to rise. It's the same Punjabi who fought with britishers in 1857 first war of Independence against us. The country are with the farm law.
2) Government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ENSURES that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract.
4. Government has to procure these commodity to sell to common people & we can include a private companies/state body to procure these products from farmers sell in mandies because,  in India even common people & poor lives apart from Big MC D or Amul Company.
Farmers were not knowing the importance of this law ....khalistanis literally mind washed them all ....sad for set back ....these laws were having great benefits for small farmers ...
Great analysis.  So you proved that apmc is not working because of its flaws and farmers are mostly selling their produce outside the mandis below msp in cash transactions, the new act will mess up the incomes of the state government thus hampering the development.
India,  world's largest democracy, burning a teenage girls effirgy, and a singers just because they brought up a national protest,not a private company, or government workers strike. But a farmers strike, have they not blamed pakistan for the.farmers.strike.yet?
Iam south indian name Evan sivan decided to support farmers my real name vaishnavi
Elections jo arhe hai Modiji
Except the new rules aren't devastating. They are to promote farmers. These rules  help the actual farmers to get a fair trade. Bc now you have to make physical contracts with business that are buying the crops from the farmers. The ones protesting are the people that buy from these farmers. Not the actual farmers.
My father decided to start organic farming in 2001 and stop using chemical fertilizers and insecticides. For first 4 years the results were not that great. He had other income sources so he was able to take those losses for regular 4 years. Most farmers do not have other source of income. Ofcourse after those first few years when the soil became fully chemical free, the results were unbelievable. The cost came down and profits went up. As well as he got huge recognition for organic farming. Proud of him for his courage and patience for taking that decision not for profits but for people health.
Farmers is more educated than so called librals.....we are with you. #pakistani
Pure Capitalism ,there are no restrictions on Corporates..that's why u see Billionaires buying big farmlands...
It should be consumer protest not a farmer protest.
Samajwadi party in uttar Pradesh is the best for farmers
10. On jan 26,2021 farmers unions done tractor rally and in that lot of Iron rods, Swords carrying rioters injured 200 police men 
I stand with the farmers
This is the worlds largest democracy in action. No other country manages over 400 million farmers in a democratic process. Hopefully better outcomes evolve over time.
While VOX covered on how bad the government and the corporates are it forgot to cover how middlemen and moneylenders exploit the farmers and how well these people have integrated into the mandis of Punjab and Haryana that they hv a monopoly.
Came back after the repeal of the farm laws , just to re live the protest , What a win
On 25th September, Bharat baand in support of our Farmers
5th now govt have agreed to give choice to states to levy tax outside mandis also..though not levying tax on agri produce was in favour of farmers and consumers because there is also 4% gst which is shared by centre and state on food stuffs and is ultimately paid by consumer
Congratulations farmers 
Why you are showing Hindu men with tilak on forehead when its Punjab sikh farmers which turned violent? Hinduphobia
They introduce bills in favour of Industrialists like Adani (against whom already a lot of opposition is there in Rajasthan, due to mines controversy and Australia also) and effect poor farmers. But we dont speak as it doesnt effect us.
Bill also guarantees farmers don't bare any transport charges and all contracts will be traded at MSP (minimum support price or better). But the bill doesn't inform how they will enforce the same.
I am wondering, where is Akshay Kumar? Earning from punjabi movies but not supporting Punjab and Indian farmers. 
then who are they, those who do protests - they are the funded groups by congress and many terrorist are also involved in this as you see controversy over khalistan and hinduphobia slogans was the first thing happened in this protest, then they involved haryana's BJP opposite jaat in this protest because they loose in elections now they want central govt. to be loose in public then in election,
Election is nearing, a master stroke from Modi
4. Ambanis modi says he gone remove middle man from farmers purchase but what actually he is doing is he is involveing middle man in this by law . Artias are not middle man they are service providers. So make it clear farmers want service providers not middle man . 
Long live farmers revolution
3. Aur jo aapne Mc Donalds ki example di, vaisa Punjab ke ek hisse mein ho chuka hai. Sangrur mein PepsiCo ne apna ek plant lagaaya hai Sangrur mein. Jab vo plant lagaane aaye toh kisaano ko unhone kaha ke aap log aaloo lagao aur hum unse chips banaayeinge. Hm aapko achhi keemat bhi denge. But kisaan apni fasl le ke gye toh unhe ye bol diya gya ke ye toh hmaari quality standards ko match nhi krte hm inke itne paise nhi denge. Aur kisaan DC office chle gye kyunki isse oopr jaane ki provision nhi thi (which, is also a condition in these 3 bills). DC said that the company is right and the farmers wont get paid for this crop. We have trusted this system once and it backfired. How can we think that it wont happen again? How can this be prevented?
All indian farmer know well modi trik ,
Farmers drag down indian economy. Instead focus on manufacturing and industry.
Congress for your own good please make Priyanka Pm candidate not Rahul.
More then 1000 farmers died during protest . Current ruling party lost  some states election coz of this protest so they are taking back this laws
This may have been farmers protest in first few days. But it has been hijacked by opposition political parties since then. And ordinary Indian citizens are well aware of this.
Wese toh itne protest n murders ki zarurat nhi the,, lekin,baat tab ayeh the govt k ego par. Ego bada hai farmers k life se
MODI is total liar , Kisans should not return without MCP , now Modi is afraid of loosing the election.
5. Stop bargaining for fresh produce. If you must bargain, bargain with shops that sell processed foods. Their profit margins are much higher and they will be willing to take a pay cut if their products are expiring. This puts pressure on food companies to respect farmers more also.
Later big players enter and own the farmers land and loot them out , an farming industry  would be brought up by rich corporates. Hence the India will shrink more to the concept of "RICH GETS RICHER, POOR GETS POORER".
Farm bill repealed
Ravish zee: Great coverage your NDTV is really 4th pillars of Indian great democracy. ND TV is a voice of the people and speedy harmony and humanity. Thanks for great job!!!!!
Also they stated that the Market share of agriculture went down from 50% in the 1960s to 15% in the 2010s. This is not necessarily due to the agriculture industry, not being able to keep up with the other industries but, due to the exponential rise of other industries such as IT and manufacturing. The GDP of India in the 1960s was approx. 50 billion and in the 2010s rose to approx. 2.8 trillion
I just felt so elated when the uncle said that Samdhish would have to eat there!! Such positive vibes of enthusiasm and service at a protest site is rare! And these are the people portrayed as terrorists by national media! Shame on them!! Farmers who are feeding us are the ones who have to go through extremities like water cannons and tear gas!! Is this the government we wanted?
Today akash will be  dancing without clothes at farmers protest site
Now, every one knows Govt is under the duty to support farmers with MSP but Govt can't purchase every or whole produce from farmers. They have limitation of store house etc. 
In India if you are not a Hindu and you stand up to protest for your rights then you are labelled a terrorist. It's a sad fact and it's the state of India. Religious discrimination is incredibly high in India. Are they not human?
Or they are not farmers?? Iam farmer
To sum up, if farmers don't want to sell to private players or fear to be exploited, APMC mandis are open for you and no tax will be taken from the farmers now. PEACE.
Best of luck sir you are real hero of  indian press  ravish kumar
In the end it was a great attempt to help farmers by Modiji , though obviously farmers do not have advanced vision,  or blocked by corrupt interest groups, that all educated population fully understood it from day one . Hope some day farmers  wake up  with a new vision , like Modiji.
Sikhs farmers wants their rights and they also want khalistan to be an independent state
Now the protests have taken a bitter turn as khalistan supporters have joined the protest.
which small farmer got modified tractors and trucks and time to stay away from fields  they are middle man who can no longer suck the blood from farmers
Following! I regularly visit the site. We are supporting the farmers.
BIG SHOTS will kill all farmers for sure. for Example -
Nice attempt to explain things, dont think things are so easy as you feel.   As you said loopholes exist right.  You cant have a thing with loopholes applied on the farming sector which already sees a large number of suicides. The bill should no doubt be taken back and a new bill should be drafted with the kisaan unions on the table.   It is a matter of food.   No one says lets be a farmer ..... why??. As there isnt any incentive for a farmer to remain in his profession. All points simply cannot be analysed by us. Very immature i feel.
This is best example how young minds are brainwashed. Beta sarkari kisan ban na chahte ho, fertilizer or pesticides ki bharmaar karna chahte ho, innovation se tauba karna chahte ho . Wah kya inqlaab lana chahte ho. Good , you are going to be the dark future of Punjab. God bless you.
Proud to be an daughter of farmer.. but shame on the people who doesn't give values to them
This bill is not dangerous  for farmers 
As far as I understood  the bill is for companies  & not for farmers
Nice  from Punjab India doctor inderjit Singh
well if you dont know the history and current news about that protest and some good and bad people involved with this ,,,don't get trapped into VICE news ,,founder is Pakistan born dude and I felt this before that vice get to set narrative very biasedly against India
Being a farmer i know that most of farmers don't have store houses so that they can store their agriculture produce and wait for good price of their agriculture produce in free market. They have to sell their crop even if price is drastically low otherwise bad weather can destroy their 6 month's hard work and a lot of investment.
Call them rioters.. they are not our Farmers
Existing system of procurement was used for 70 years, did it made the farmers rich?
Why only cover punjab - you should have also cover other states farmers of India
Support farmers international,national and local. They feed you. I don't think that needs to be elaborated on much more  
DHARM SANKAT MEIN LIYE HAIN, 2035 TAK KE LIYE & ONWARDS SHRI NARENDRA MODIJI ONLY.
Now confirm they are not farmer inki aadat ho gyi andolan ka
Small farmers should now sale their products directly instead of giving to agents like what they did in last one year. This is the time to bring reality and minimize the corruption
Okay I get that but I don't get that why farmers sell this to companies and not directly to consumers,I mean yeah it's not that easy as I am saying but small farmers who don't use apmc earlier too can make profit by selling at any price between limits,and I want to know if there is nothing profitable for small farmers with old law as they are selling outside apmc then why they are supporting it because I searched on Google and it said around 80-85% farmers all over India sell outside apmc that mean the thing was'nt that effective. 
Farmers are Right.
According to me every thing is good in new bill but government should also mention MSP ..
Sikhs no longer stand at borders for India as you though but now you all know they stand at borders to protect Punjab but if anyone gets past Delhi it's Indias own problem no Khalistan problem. The foreign investment for Khalistan shall be the n ira billions as we have taken over the block chain and creating cryptos that will keep all banks and invaders at bay. We are too smart for the world...just ask Britain government how very clever Sikhs. We build our wealth and now have the deepest pockets to take over economies and close them down 
I support our dear farmers, i respect them too, jai kisan
Citizens of Delhi should go and bring the farmers inside Delhi
Panjabis are hard working, honest, loyal, a serving the nation kind of community, who love and enjoy peace.  They should be rewarded Modiji.........
Please don't ask for the arrest for that Tikait, for ten months he is asking for it, so that he can show himself as a great champion of farmers issues.
A true indian understand how farmers are fight for right thing they fight for us. Only social media show wrong thing against farmers just go that place and see the reality don't judge by social media.
It's not minimum selling price. It's minimum support price you must understand the technicalities of both
Mr Shastri from IIM ne ek experiment kiya hai by bringing 35000 farmers they are getting more than MSP. Search for farmveda site 
Jai Jawaan Jai Kisaan, full support  to farmers who are fighting for their rights. Farmers are the backbone of our nation.
Looks like corruption in Agriculture in India is deep rooted. Grabbing farm from the small farmers by the big farmers, their exploitation and the profit sharing by the faces behind them.
Sir, you have said that in Bihar APMC does not exist as on date. You further gave an example where in it was quoted that a farmer agrees to sale his wheat at the rate of Rs. 1600 per quintile to an agent in his farm on cash payment instead goin to mandi to sale his product at MSP i.e.  Rs. 2000 per quintile .
full support lenhdy punjab walon
Idk what the situation is truly but farmers from India protesting in SAN FRANCISCO sounds like a loaded movement
These are all political gundas not farmers..who is paying them money for so long? Actually it was all staged..hopefully more vedio footages will come soon..
No support to broker middleman mandi walas
The rest of the oppressed applaud you Indian farmers!
God bless us all. Be wise when selecting correct leader. Remember the sacrifice of our Farmers.
Food without farmer
So where are the farmers from South and rest of India in protest eh? Just saying...
Well explained , request you to reach every poor and illetrate farmers make them understand about the farm laws by explaining them in their mother toungue. This will help not only the poor farmers but the whole country.
These are goons not farmers... See their language they are just playing in the hand of Country breakers ...their intention is just just to blame Modi govt and stop development activities
False law was made to remove minimum support price and the bill was passed in hurry , no one is talking about corruption.
 Govt. Should make a law in the favour of Farmers. Providing them MSP will be a great decision. 
thanks support farmers bro
Don't underestimate the podrmawer of real farmers... Whn they rise no one stands tall then them. 
How come pm modiji is quite about this incident ; when this atrocity takes place anywhere in the world; modiji is quick to do twittering; when it happens  within the country ; he has no clue.; what kind of governing is.
This Rajesh tikait is not a farmer, it is a madman
If it is good new agriculture system in India than why the Indian farmers angry Modi govt.?
#supportfarmer #istandwithfarmers #nofarmersnofood
Modi's 3 piece sets stuck between the bamboo. Every movement only gains pain and he, bjp and godi media creates this.
The gothi media is the main instrument to BJP govt to spread falls news in favour of govt and against farmers and they join hands with the corporate companies.
A big salute to our Indian farmers...Jai Jawaan, Jai Kisaan . Its a historic moment.
We support Indian farmers 
India stands with farmers 
We all Support farmers 
Sarkar khatre me ayi to petrol diesel bhi km krdiye , up chunaw har dikhi to krshi bill wapass,
 rally on  just one day on jan 26th. Punjab Congress govt?/ Sikh JAT 
I think its important to educate farmers.
In his video he suggested to Farmers to stop cropping for 2 years to get bill back without explaining bill.
Neo-liberal capitalism reform is killing farmer in India. 
Finest and fairest exposition/explanation of the Farm Bills ever on digital and electronic media. Congratulation.        Digital Media Regulatory Bill              ?!
Why would farmers be unhappy produce is not coming to mandi? 
The same he do with BJP and Modi
Completely ignored farmers facts.
Lots of farm welfare scheme and laws in past 74 years. Still farmers are commuting suicide.
But govt assured that the APMC will always be there and MSP will always be provided there, APMC will never be shutdown, its farmers choice to go outside and explore more options or to go to APMC, just like BSNL is there along with other private telecom operators to regulate the telecom tariff, My father is a farmer from karnataka, he is very hardworking person, we grow paddy, here from 40 years what i am observing is only the middlemen and millers are benefitting from our crops, after working so hard and investing so much on labour's and pesticides, facing natural calamities, labour problems, water problems, machinery problems, new type diseases in the crops and all, what we are earn is just to accommodate our basic needs of food, cloths, bike thats it, forget our hardwork, sometimes we won't get back our investment also, present crop cutting done in this dec month is a complete loss for all paddy growers here, yield reduced very drastically due to new virus in our crops just like covid on humans, we not made any property from past 40 years, we don't get any thought of making some property with that earnings, just life goes on with hardworking forever, so something to be done to benefit the farmers, all these days only businessmans, middlemens are having decent earnings and making properties everywhere, small farmers fate remains same even after another 50years until unless if something is done now, our country is developing means everyone of us should develop, everyone be a part of it, only few sector people are developing is not a whole development of the country, these farm bills are not a big news here in South India or at least in our locality,  big protests and all happening there in North India, I doubt does farmers really able to understand these farm bills properly, mostly some opposition parties, middlemens and others who are benefitting now are having knowledge to understand these bills and its impacts and to safeguard their earnings in future they are provoking farmers with false predictions to protest against those bills, I trust our PM Modi like our family head, he never do anything harmful to the farmers or any other sector hardworking people, he doesn't have intentions to earn something by supporting corporates bcz he not even have children's to earn for them, treats all of us as his children's,  these farm bills are actually beneficial to the farmers and consumers except those middlemens, initially there may be some loopholes, bcz everything can't set right on one go, it will take some time to block all loopholes,  later definitely will have good future in the farm sector also
Farmers demand not to be penalised and fined for burning stubble. The glasses uncle breathes burnt stubble in the winter and yet stands by farmers. 
Fully support this bill
I have a question, if MSP is still regulated in APMCs, then why don't the farmers just sell their produce to the govt. Whenever they are unsatisfied with the corporate offers? In other words, are the protests about ensuring regulation in the entire market? (ex. by adding MSP). An issue of communism vs capitalism here?
Mr modi has taken roll back decision in favour of farmers
It was hard to determine that what type of crop will be grown by farmers.
Farmers*backbone of our country 
The Firm Bill is the modernization of farming. I support it.
To think that this protest represents the will of the poor farmers is absolutely immoral
Constitution has given rights to every citizen of India to contest elections, if modi rahul Yogi can contest then why is there any problem if other contest elections
They're not farmer they're our pride.
Farm law makes farmers much empowered
 BKU (Bhartiya Kisan Union) ye ek Congress Supporters/Wing Union h jo protest kar rahi hai. Aur iss BKU ne hi March 2019 me tweet krke ye Law naa lane ke liye GOI ko criticise kiya tha.
Modi will find ways to distract Indians, he will need TO CREATE SOME MORE BORDER WARS.
the farmers did right
Here one correction I want you to make, farmers earlier also had the right to sell their crop to any part of India and traders were not.
1. Government is not just asking to postpone the farm bills, but is also asking farmer leaders to come and suggest ammendments in the bills. Even Supreme court has suggested to form a committee comprising of farmer leaders to discuss and suggest the changes in the bill which the farmers have declined.
Farmer protest "WINS"  central gov surrender
Brief explanation but only about APMC flaws. She ignored all the problems and points of farmers. Why farmers are tensed what they want, why they are protesting, what's their demand. She ignored everything. Indirectly she only favoured the bills.
1000 heart loads of love and respect for our farmer brothers and sisters from South India Hyderabad.
Virdas won who said the farmer who feed india crushed under SUV ! # i come from india ,
KHALISTANI JAISE TERRIBLE PROBLEM KE BICH KEJRIWAL JAISE JOKER PUNJAB KE LIYE BILKUL THIK NAHI HAI  , SERIOUSLY BILKUL THIK NAHI . KEJRIWAL PUNJAB KE POLITICS KE LIYE BILKUL THIK NAHI HAI
Well done to the farmers, the government should represent the people from the land and not pressures from outside or within (businesses) its money to them but its your home and thats not preplacable!
India comes up with msp policy and later on apmc mandis in late 1960s (state subject so variation will be there ) to ensure food security for itself basically grain security 
But now the private companies will decide the price they want to give to farmer. And over that beating farmers is an act of shame. History is evident that these companies had always exploited poor farmers. 
Continue abusing farmers.. Its shameful that we common citizens dont understand their problem and the protest is still continuing..
Congratulations to modi for up elections 
What is joke.... Every thing in bill is anti farmers
Vox reflected the truth, although I am a modi supportor, I feel this law is against Indian growth. But I wonder, why farmers from low earning states aren't participating.
Happy to see the farmers win without any political  support. Request you to  make a video on farmers protest in Andhra pradesh
I am with farmers. They are absolutely right and sensible. Look at that arrogant policeman and want to declare its riots created by farmers. It is sheer politics.
Maaaaaan modi fans over here making fun of him and disliking this video. Now dont reply to me cuz I said something. And dont start with iam not a BJP supporter but....   
Last ka point he mall se mat kharido mandi se kharido aur msp ek stable price pe daal do jese cotton 4800 ya 5000 onion 15 ya 20 wheat 2100 ya 2300
Also, MSP is offered only for a few of the crops. Combined nutrition value for these crops is less but high calorie value as per old nutrition concepts counted only in terms of calorie and nutrition assessment in terms of micro & macros, therefore due to guarantee of Govt, huge productions happen, even in the regions where the soil or climate is not supportive eg. water extensive crops like Rice in semi Arid regions of N.W. India or Sugarcane in drought struck regions of Marathwaada like Nanded and Latur. And most of the other nutritious leguminous & millet crops are not produced to that extent which drives their price higher which promotes a negative feedback loop. So basically all the food prices are high for those who buy food from the kiraana shops and not throus govt's PDS ration shops. Also affects environment badly and will be the single biggest concern for India in the future as India is facing an expedited rate of desertification due to agriculture.
Report put more emphasis on journalists, instead of farmers, reports are trained to do so,  shame on media, they dont say anything about police, army, all are getting paid to do soooooo
Lack of regulation will stop exploitation through legal documents prepared by corporates today, Punjab already has lot of contract farming...we all know fuss is because of congress
Sad for real farmer as a my half family/relatives are farmer 
But people like modi supporter or bjp supporters don't understand anything 
It is a win win situation for farmers
  to fer hum total transaction k data se ye bhi to conclude kr skte h ki jaha jaha apmc weak h maharashtra m waha private mandis km price p produce khareed rahi h jiski wjah se private mandi ki total transaction kmm h as compared to apmc.... please isme koi tarq dijiye m inn cheejo ko smjhana chahta hu
Don't Make Fool's. We know what reforms are. If Gov't rally made a good Law, so why they hadn't talk farmers unions before making reforms. The thing is that, gov't want to stop giving MSP to farmers in Punjab, Haryana such as, already in UP, BIHAR!!  Farmers are selling there Crops under the low price!!
election victory tablate
Wil Arnab trend modi with khalistanis or will he say, masterstroke?
How this kid will make people understand that why government has taken wrong step to change law? As per him earlier laws was beneficial for farmers, absolutely not. 
madam please do some homework before making such a video. Auction/ price discovery is fully transparent. plz do visit a mandi and see how it is done.  Who stops a farmer to sell his produce in other mandis???
Solidarity with the farmers and union workers in India!
Really!! The farmers won!???...shameful,  can't change anything in this country...keep doing the same thing and expect a different result...wanting change without changing anything  is so stupid atleast now vacate Delhi
They want to capitalize everything. We will have a series of reliance sabzi mandi markets. Q ke iske baad to Sara produce ambani hi khareedega.
Good for rich farmers and APMC agents
So kids, this is how you bend the ego of a Magelomaniac Dictator by sacrificing lives in cold, hot, rainy weather, taking abuse by literal walking trolls, having called names Terrorists, Khalistanis, but still persistently fighting against all odds against the Authority, That's what Shaheed Bhagat Singh did years ago....He will be proud like all India including sanghis are secretly proud of you  Happy Guru purab
No Farmers  No Food  No Life 
We stand with our farmers
For the past 10 days I have been reading up available material in public domain to understand the root cause underlying the farmer protests. 
Shoutout to the daily show for being one of the first to cover this! As a Punjabi, I truly appreciate it! #kisaanektazindabad
Just one question if these farm bills were so good then why did the Union minister harsimrat kaur who was from BJP resigned and why were there such a hurry to pass these laws in the parliament when due to corona all the members were not present . The only reason why farmers are protesting is because they want a strict law on MSP. And modi as it is he is not a man of his words says that there will be MSP ....then why dont they make a law on it.The second thing is  Under this law its not mandatory for a company to make a written contract with the farmer for any contract farming. So, even if the company violates the terms of the contract, the farmer cannot prove it and also cannot fight this issue in the house of court........And nobody asked you about what the congress told in their manifesto and shit the topic was on farmers ....the government in centre should be asked questions because they are the ones who made the law not the opposition....I used to think that you guys are genuine but no you both are nothing but a bunch of stupid literate bhakts  who are portraying a good picture justifying each and every step taken by their modiG is good in evry way
modi ji u are the greatest leader in india's history after independence !!
Proud to be a farmer's son. Congratulations to all my fellow Indians we have won, but the fight is still on untill the country becomes free from the clutches of fascist government and their corporate friends.
Proud to be a Farmer 
The death/harassment of farmers & workers  due to protesting against Agro black laws and the behavior of NDA Rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of NDA .
I didn't know about this bill. Now I am common man. I think I should protest against farm laws because The Essential commodities amendment act will make me poor and price can increase significantly. F my life.
We're with modi ji. And real farmers.
Akash ji Modi ne to bills wapis le liye aur fuel ke prices bhi Kam kar diye.....ab kaha se milega apko content 
He is damaging Ind for his own he is using farmers for his own sake anti national he should be in prison
Probably Modi thought Nehru means farmer hence farmer must be tortured. Why Modi left torturing Army. Like killing of Alavandan army man.
You know they messed up when farmer is speaking better english and giving better explanation than policymakers who "represent" India
why government didn't listen to farmers . farmers are milestone  of our country . first farmers and soldiers then others 
You can be anty BJP but don't be anty farmer
At 0:02 you can see the orange flags with "KHALISTAN" written on it. These are not farmers.. they are separatists. They want a separate country named "Khalistan".
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.
The Farmers didnt win! They just chose to continue their slower and painful death as opposed to this new law that wouldve brought them to their death in a year. Kind of a no brainer when your in their shoes
Conclusion: New farmers bill is not good, neither for farmers nor for consumers. Only good for private companies who are already rich and exploiting us.
I hope not mr. Modi do not take back. This bad for farmers.
Sir,  under this law there are so many aspects for the farmers which are beneficial to them ,
Media trying to get his own opportunity by making political this incident no one wants to show real aspect of this incident. Farmers are dying his ministr statement seems to he will kill all farmers of India.
Mujhe to congress se zyada AAP pasand hai ye hi replace karegi bjp ko
We the delhites are with farmers  
Wonderful explanation but this should reach in to  the uneducated farmer's working day and night in fields to feed us over the years.
But you have to understand, the folks who are protesting here are the middlemen who take away the huge chunk of the financial support given to the farmers. 
4:53 " farmers were given monoculture seeds funded by the Rockefeller, ford foundations, and the US government" you know your ended when these 3 funded you
If 100 were killed or 10 were killed  they dont care about that they only know about godi ji and yogi ji are the best 
Simply farm Bill's is the privatisation of agriculture  sector and get rid of subsidies given to farmers and by removing pulses,oils onions etc from essential commodities, the corporates  will create shortage of foods and then create artificial demand which would cause increase in prices .
Very thankful to bring forth a nice information.Obsolutely matters on either side ; the farmer's and the consumer's interest of benefit. Resourceful to everyone . Thank you once again.
Why they repealed, because of election results.
"The present system prevents farmers from getting better prices, Ghanwat said. Just a handful of traders control the auctions. Now with the markets opening up, we hope newer traders will enter the trade. This will help fair competition.
Isn't MSP minimum support price paid by govt and not minimum selling price as stated by you?
Punjabi not accept new farmers bill
Why protests become more explosive jbb se sabb punjab main protest krr they they tbb tak koi leader meeting krne nhi aaya aisa kya gamand hai BJP ko jbb ki kisan unions ne meeting k liye itne request kre bass chote leader bej dete they jo bass itna jante hai ki kya pros hai bills k but farmers ko samj nhi paa rhey . India mein jbb tak bawaal na hoo tb tak saale leader baat nhi karna chahte yeh tab baat krege jb road block honge log marege .
Thanks a lot .... clarified about farm bill sir.
Jai jawan jai Kisan I was a farmer once I was born in a village gazipur lucknow farmers feed India
Thank you Vox for giving this Indian Issue Worldwide Fame, so that Government can face International pressure and the deserving farmers can win their worthiness.
This is not only about farm bills now, just look how govt. is not ready to withdraw the bills when such a huge number of population is not agree with the laws. It is happening with farmers today  but in future it can also happen with other people or community. Modi sarkar is busy with events, elections and the people who elected him as PM are on roads.
I request uh all to kindly join the protest nd support farmers in their peaceful agitation.
Haa.....to all those bjp supporter farmers hu thought it was 'their' govt.
Indian farmer doesn't know witch is good for them
So Ma'am according to you, would these act(bills) will benefit the farmers???
As usual Vox presenting conjecture to thrive its ideologue. None of the three laws can be ascertained as loss making or detrimental for farmers. There is no guarantee in life, similarly, there is no guarantee that these laws may not be loss makign for farmers. These laws promote free trade by setting up Minimum Support Price (MSP) by removing mediator and giving farmers more power to sell their produce to anybody that they want. Contract farming is an agreement between two parties just like any other agreement where nobody is supposed to break the contract. If farmers feel they dont want to get in to a contract then they may not, nobody is forcing them.
Nakli farmer's hi, Congress Dalal hi
I have dedicated few lines on farmers protest lives lost
I always fear when Modi Gives A Speech. I think It's a Doomday For Economy Of India
But mandis are already run by rich people who arent farmers who usually force the farmers into selling the crops for a lower price, so isnt it beneficial for the farmers to sell their crops anywhere in the country where they can find a good price?
I am a staunch BJP supporter, but it's good to know how the other side views this to make an informed decision. So, yea, we may not agree, but thanks for making this video
Support indian farmers 
Please verify few facts. As you said farmers can only sell to a specific APMC. That's not correct in my opinion. They can sell their produce in other states as well.
States are losing revenue...why farmers are revolting
Government are no reaxan on farmers project why 
Indian Farmer's son,who lost his land
#nofarmersnofood
This is a well made video and explained a lot. But one thing I don't understand is, why are the protests from farmers in Punjab and Haryana, but not from other states? Also why video said that Bihar eliminated the markets and did poorly, but didn't mention that many states did not implement the apmc at all and are doing well (Kerala for example).
Marre Gaye Kisano ke Gharwalo ko 45 Lakh Cash & One Government Job But What About the Other 4 BJP Workers & 1 Journalist, Jinko Peet Peet ke Lynching Karke Mar diya.. No Help.. Please  ye Mudda Uthayiye.. Inko Bhi Arthik Madad Milni Chahiye
the stubble burning has also caused pollution across the border in pakistan. cities adjacent to punjab border such as lahore, sialkot and gujranwala have a similar problem.
First Kashmir and now they're taking way the rights of Punjabis. Modi will be the downfall of India
In first bill , farmer is not forced to enter into contact farming. If he is suspicious to deal with corporates ,he can still sell to APMC or wherever he was selling . So it just  gives more  choice  ..so how is it anti farmer?
pakistan: *imma seize this opportunity to push Khalistan into it*
MSP is Minimum support price, not Minimum selling price. The new farm acts provide alternative channels for farmers to sell in addition to APMC where farmers can choose in order that they receive remunerative price for their produce,  where the number of middleman are a few  since marketing margins can reduce increasing the producer share in the consumer rupee. India is a country of small farmers as more than 80 percent of them are. Small farmers are not equipped to take their produce to APMCs due to their small volume of output which enhances their transport cost per unit including loading and unloading costs. Most farmers usually sell their produce to the Village middleman or village merchant middleman, who in turn will consolidate produce from different farmers and bring to APMC.  It is not true that 25% of the produce gets wasted. India has the world's largest livestock (cattle) population. Waste is minimal since they serve as feed for cattle.  On a conservative basis, may say that the food wastage may be around 5 percent, not 25 percent.  APMC is helping largely merchants themselves and not the farmers directly.  APMC is under the control of the committee (ag produce market committee) and not the State Govt.  The members of the APMC are elected  by farmers and other stakeholders. In the APMCs there are a few buyers, which implies it is oligopoly (and not monopoly).  Oligopoly markets are imperfect markets since a large number of sellers confront a few buyers and therefore do not enjoy the price as that of perfect competition. Center has the responsibility to help farmers facilitating them to sell their produce even outside their State. For this, with an uniform law farmers from one state will be able to sell to another State  without any  hinderance. Earlier there were restrictions on interstate movement which does not exist now. The word ceiling  should be used instead of sealing.  The information on articles 248, 249 are useful.
Last year they force fully bought wheat from farmers in our country  40Kg at price 1400 and now floor mils are selling same floor at 2500+ rupees nd now same farmer has to buy floor for himself at their price
Thank you  #farmersprotests
Incomplete analysis on the bills. Holistic views not taken - how are current practices impacting overall economy and other state farmers, etc. Why and how MSP came into effect in the first place? It's because we were overly dependent on US and US forced us to implement this policy. But those times were different. Those policies are negatively impacting India's economy and farmers too. We are over producing wheat and rice and underproducing othe key commodities such edible oils and pulses - i.e we are exporting a lot when we can produce them in our own country. Farmers are not doing that, they have no incentives to produce other crops. These are archaic and colonial laws that either needs to be removed or reformed.  Not saying the 3 bills are perfect  - there are possible loop holes. But they can be addressed and even in its current forms are much better for the country's economy. It's also better for Punjab and Haryana farmers - they already have the necessary agri infrastructure. Look at the efficiency / productivity of the crops produced from Punjab - it has not grown over the years. Punjab - you have to reform. It's good for you and it's good for others. Yes it will be hard work. But you have proved before in the 1960s and you can do this again. The policies that worked then are not working now and will not work. Change is the way of life - fortunately or unfortunately.
Vice trying to show that this is a Sikh movement but it's not more farmers have gathered from other states 
WELL, MY FAR COUSINS ARE PAKISTANI SIKH FARMERS, THEY LIVE IN  SHREE NANKANA SAHIB. WE HAD THE SAME AMOUNT  OF LAND IN 1999, NOW THEY ARE ONE OF BIGGEST IMPORTER OF RAW FARM PRODUCTS TO CHINA,  BUT WE LEFT 2 YEAR AGO, WE ARE STILL IN DEBT OF 34 LACS, HOPE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA DO SOMETHING FOR SMALL FARMERS
I am from Pakistan. I am also a punjabi. Salute to the farmers.
We are not accepting because we don't think it as a fit that what we want. And the second thing the Supreme court is not here to mediate between the parties. It is here to check the validity of the law and recognise rule of law. the act which is done by sc should be intervened by govt. Itself. And one thing farmers, here not fight not to show the power they are doing peacefully and yes definitely they will do it. 
Kya bakwaasfarmers missed great opportunities!
If Prices are fixed for particular Product during seedling Time i.e., MSP
Let's all talk more about solution rather than blaming somone. Both farmers and govt want wellbeing of country in general
 By construing this bill only will sink a farmer is just fear mongering . The act doesn't at any point highlight the doing away of APMCs. This Act is the best way forward for the actual heroes, the farmers to get their rightful dues henceforth which has been stopped by the parasites called Middlemen over decades. Kindly read n understand the bill in TOTO before crying foul.
the policy only hurts the richest farmers in india dude so the rest of the farmers throughout the country are ok with it
But why did farmers have to sit on roads for 1 year to show them that we don't want these laws.
The food donor you are calling a terrorist is yours next time. It's time, if you can't support, don't protest because the farmer is fighting not only his own battle but also yours.
These acts from the farmers are not ACCEPTABLE 
You should show other farmers view from other states instead your showing just a one side!!!!!
#NoFarmersNoFood
2. Even if government take these 3 laws back. Still who will took responsibility of 600 farmers who lost their life during protest.
Are fruits, vegetables and dairy produce sold within APMC Mandis? Are these industries facing any exploitation?
Khalisthanis is farmers clothing
Leave about farmers what is the state of employees working in private companies and how they ruined in day to day works at work spot. They work like slaves. 
2. post dialogue with farmers and govt ,On december 9th clarified with 10 point 
GDP ki lgi pdi h,farmers ,the ones for whose benefits this law is being implemented are protesting...
The government has been rather busy talking to egoistic, self declared farmers who waste time and never agree on a thing.
Only 6% farmers sell at MSP . Please tell this fact also .whole MSP system is flawed . Total subsidy to farmers cost 3,60,000 cr in 2019 that more than indian defense budget now let that sink in & MSP is only for 23 notified crops not all r covered .
As we know that stories of farmer's selling 2 rupees tomatoes in apmc as big player will not take tomatoes 2 ruppes.
One honest query , Plz answer only  if you are an expert on farm bill. The farmers seem to have 3 concern 
These laws bring Indian farming in line with how Canadian, European and American farming is done --- most of India has adopted these laws in one form or another. Punjabis are most to gain from current system and are operating a cyclic bi-culture of rice and wheat that's destructive to the environment. They don't want things to change in India and most of them moved from India to avoid the stifling market conditions for farming.... Absolute fucking hypocrites!!!
                . .MSP gurantee       ...you cant make fool all people all time.... govt will face farmers on ballot button in UP. .....salute to all martyrs  for this agitation!
MSP  price support mostly enjoyed by Punjab n Haryana farmers. FCI buys n stores wheat n paddy mostly from north Indian farmers. South n other parts of not much help from MSP
Cleverly supporting wrong bills. Hiding true facts.
The running system was doing good for the farmers. There was no need of these farm bills which the govt is imposing forcefully 
3.state govt. (Like chhattisgarh,bengal,..)buy rice's pulses and so many things here at msps from farmers...so after this law, this will happen or not ? 
If previous laws were good, why every year 1000s of farmers are  committing suicides in India?
Unfortunately, the BBC reporter missed out the key reasons for withdrawing farmer laws. Yes, there is political mileage of this turn but more importantly confusions among farmers and misused by other political parties.
Farmers need to accept the fact that privatisation is the only thing which can make farmers Prosper in the long run, how inefficient the bureaucracy is can be seen from the fact that since past 50 years just farming has not led to anh good for the farmers..
thank you bro to get me a brief knowledge about Farmer's Law...
Can't stop laughing at these godi media channels and their attitude of making fun of themselves after repeal of farm laws...
Ma'am, Tell us provisions of new Farmer Bills, We knew regulations were required in previous structure, But what's concretely proposed in the new Legislations?
Very good. Congratulations. Youth of this country must take this to their peers and save our farmers and food security.
All india farmers united now. It's new revolution begin.
Sadguru- Go and visit Punjab and and get first hand information from the farmers. Don't be bias- it will kill your reputation of an honest and wise man.
All indian media they were showing whatever government wanted to show. No matter what you do truth will come forward always. Police and other people started violence, farmers were protesting peacefully. We support farmers.
Thank u lallantop for playing Gurbani the the beginning. May waheguru blessed our all farmers. Haryana brothers you rock.
I support kisan morcha
If the current system was good, means farmers were happy till now.
Every one is saying Modi  did this to win upcoming elections. But please think about this - a democracy is designed such that only elections matter in long run for any changemaker, whoever will come to power will have to think of elections and how to win it. They will have to make strategies. Populist moves have to be taken and even people do not want revolutionary changes. Do we? We are opposing all changes that will have long term impact. People only love to talk about elections,  most of us lack scientific temparament. If you do not win election, you can't do or change anything in this country. At the most you can start a youtube channel like Dhruv Rathee or Akash Banerjee.  Its very easy to criticise the government by staying outside the system. I really want these criticizers to atleast suggest a good leader who they think is best for the nation. Do these guys have any solution? No, they only want to talk about problems, that's the easiest thing to do!
Thanks BBC News for not forgetting the farmers like any other news organization. 
Modi ji. Great. Great and great
Modi think he's self hes king Jong-un  but modi is not North Korea is india..time will change.
3:04 @ Dearest Geeta, you only see the other side of the coin that farmers are violent , what about the police brutality which made the people run for their life. Two people had died as far as I know, and one shot dead by the police.
"Desh me farmer reform ke baare me baat honi chahiye" [sic.] I see it happening from Finology Legal:)
Who came after FCI's order Land records for MSP Payment direct transfer. And 40% Land Owners who do have contract farming by allowing small landless farmers to grow crops on their lands percent as per their agreement. Hence they can convert this into legal one & go to FCI for getting MSP getting directly in bank...
We support farmers unflinching and remain so. Jai Jaawan,  Jai Kisaan & Jai Vigyaan too. 
PM has innocent dead farmers blood on his hands. Apologies alone will not suffice.
They are not farmers bunch of middle agents and hypocrts. Real farmers was busy in farming.
These are not farm bills these are private company welfare bills
Glad to see the unity among the Farmers
I belong to the left, but i strongly believe what we see is merely the tip of the iceberg. I am staunchly in favour of whatever benefits the farmers of my country this so called farmer's protest has raised a lot of controversial issues, such as the involvement of PJF, WSO,(Greta's deleted tweet) hoisting Khalistani flags at the red fort(yes, there's a confusion regarding that, but nevertheless this angle cannot be ignored), misinformation, protests from not the farmers but exploitative rich middlemen, and the striking acceptance of the laws by farmers from all twenty four states except Punjab and Haryana raise serious questions about the 'farmer's' protests. I suggest everyone do their research before commenting, not only people from other countries, but Indians too. The laws never said MSP and govt regulated mandis are disappearing. They will still be there. Why is misinformation being spread?! As a common citizen of the country, i have only the information from media and government sources and i base my ideas on them. I genuinely hope whatever happens, happens for the benefit of the real farmers and not the middlemen.
The person who stopped that water canon as we saw that video was accused of attempt to murder and almost every farmer leader is threatened by  gov with income tax department is sending them notices
I am from Himachal but I am with diljeet and I support farmers...Jai hind #supportfarmers
The protest was mostly violent. What do you expect the police to do if you remove the Indian flag from Redfort on Republic day and put on a khalistani flag. They were chasing the police with swords and sticks ffs
Supporters ( B J P MODIs
and other states too is that the ground water level is decreasing day by day almost every year farmer is forced to  invest in  boring Tubewells(nearly 1lakh rupees)
U r saying farmers from Punjab and hariyana   can afford tractors but udisa farmers can't, at the sametime u r advocating small farmers to trade his produce interstate through online trading I mean don't u think it's contradicting ! Legally and technically ur thoughts may have some merits but socioeconomically require r reconsideration.
Till date, I haven't seen anyone explain the laws to the real farmers. That's where the problem is, we don't have a way to communicate the government schemes directly to the end person.
Very informative.. the laws are beneficial to the party that has the best legal team and which is more sneaky..which sadly the farmers are not.. they don't have the time or the legal capability to fight legal battles for years incase of an issue.. and yes they will increase the price of everything directly for the common Indian.. time based fixed inflation..
I am from Bihar in Bihar average income from an acre in Bihar is 25k to 30k. But in Punjab hariyana farmers earn average 1 lakh rs from an acre. This is just because of corrupt politicians. I am with farmers if farmers are not happy with the ordinance. Than remove this ordinance.
Thanks allot for making the video. I assume whatever you are speaking is true. You are helping create awareness for the farmers .
Only one state in india is protesting, unlike CAA bill where protests happened in many cities around india and they got beaten up badly
Farmers are more educated than common people here
Padma Shri Kangana ka "Padma" dhundh raha hun????kaise Bhai kaise.... .... listening/reading her statement is like watching movie only.....kya nahi karti, kya nahi janti and kya nahi bolti.... Suicidal case... Kangana is there..... student/education....kangana is there..... terrorism....kangana is there...art/entertainment... kangana is there....budget bill.... CAA....NRC....farmers bill.....you name the list.....she will show her knowledge/talents.....mere ku laag raha hey she is not supporting modi, she is saying you leave that place I will lead......Mere Maa ehe thoda jada ho nahin ja raha hey......kuch to dekho....agge kuch karna ki nahi....ki Modi hi Bharasa....wo to fhakir hein Jhhula le kara chaal padenge....Mera ta sincere request to Modi... according to her profound knowledge on these above said domains she is the only one eminent    and scintillating person in the earth who knows everything..... Modi has a problem Kangana has solution... using that Slogan I am going to say vaccinate her..... otherwise.....Raam hi Jane.....
2. Government can form storage facility for farmer near their area, a token & price for facility can be provided to farmer this will avoid them to travel for a long distance. Government can be intermediary body to store their crop. 
If MSP is legalized, farmers are sure that they will get the assured price, so what if the farmers produce a very low quality product which is no where equal to MSP.... but they get the MSP for that product... Loopholes are everywhere...
Hello Kangna are u there?? She can only tweet against cong or any other party apart from her boss BJP'S party
0:52 Really? Due to some farmers, and BJP government took a step back, we aren't fools, you have lost your credibility, Mr Prime Minister, RSS sanghi.
The only NATIONAL PLATFORM *THE LALLANTOP* Which represent farmers with respect and support ...
Why Bihar farmers go to Punjab to sale wheat? I am a farmer in APMC I sold my product of Chana and Bajra below MSP. No binding on wholesaler to purchase on MSP.I respect u sir but ground reality is where different . Otherwise why farmers Socide figure growing .MSP is there but all products not purchased.. byGov.
This data about only 19% farmers in 2016 are aware about MSP, are nothing but leaders of farmer unions and educated farmers... And these leaders have duty to inform their farmers about the new Act, and cuz of this, lots of farmers are doing protests now...
Why is Adani building silos in Punjab and other areas to store wheat? A billionaire investor in farming.
Thank god that farmers voices are finally heard.
This is a reminder to the BJP government not to take the people of India as fools.Apologize and compensate the families that have lost their loved ones during the whole year of protests. Remember the lathi charge, water cannons, police brutality can not work today in a democracy. You had been warned almost a year ago but the advice did not get into your arogant head.
Plz sir explain why only farming product price are same for very long time...
India has one of the most fertile lands in the world. Even more fertile than California could dream. But the Indian farmer is one of the poorest in the world. Unlike the Californian farmer whose land is one of the most expensive, the Indian farmer sits on land that is fertile and in some areas rich in natural resources but dirt cheap. All the farmland is near forests and jungles. This set of problems is a potential crisis. If wealthy environmentalists or agro business were to buy up Indian farms they can hire cheap labor while owning some of the most fertile lands. It would a spin on the colonial age.
Inspite of this video, Republic Bharat Arnab Cawsamy is supporting BJP. India Today is atleat fair in this matter....
So sad .!! Central Govt was forced for few punjab farmers .?? Could have  adjusted laws to some extent. Than repealing
8. Now, listen up! Our Government to help farmers has a provision of Minimum Support Price (MSP). That is whatever the market situation is (demand- supply ratio/ other factors) , Government will buy the crops of the farmers at a minimum price and not less than it to help the Farmers make to their expenses.
Now farmers have two ways to sell their produce, one at APMCs and Another Outside Of APMCs. If the private traders won't give MSP to the farmers they have to choose APMC (only for 23 yields). And here education and awareness is necessary for farmers, because private traders have high knowledge of negotiation when compare to farmers, so farmers need to aware of market in their areas. 
Now need to ask godi why modi take 9ff bills jst coz of khalistani people......One of the worst PM in Indian history since 1947..This is we get.. when we elect uneducated PM just the name of religions. During farmers protest hundreds of people lost their life's who is responsible for that....
I could not understand why the third law is against farmers, and why they want to take it back. Is that mean that they suddenly become so thoughtful and philanthropic that they want to harm themselves for the profit of others?
Do not visit India until @PMOIndia is not taking bills back.
What exactly do the laws state and how will that impact the farmers? All you did was highlight the actual acts of protest without giving any information on WHY. So no, I don't know 
What they know about of farmer protest
Thank u sir for this wonderful lecture ,clearing all the doubts related to this farms bill.
Very informative video. Really our farmers are not able to get their rights with the open market.
Same thing explain while implementing GST people are fearing about bjp not farming bills
Farmers are the backbone of each country and should live like royalty.
We demand Farmer's Protest, Demonetization, Liberalization of Indian economy to be part of our education curriculum. Jai Jaawan.. Jai Kisaan..
Very well explained .  It is clear that the common man must stand with the protesting farmers for his own good.
Tear gas should push in bump of , ranga,  billa n all there jattu chattu... v r with u FARMERS U not alone
But as an agriculturist I would say 2 of the laws were excellent for farmers and bad for middlemen mafia. 
Hi Shariq,i have one doubt...APMC nilanilkunathukonde thanne farmers ne MSP nte anukulyathil sadangal vittude??if he don't prefer the other way
Farmers love the new farm bills.
 Coz you have software to make slides don't put educational video with I'll fated fact and mislead people. Please don't do this so can get hits and stop scavenging on innocent farmers and public.
*This is very important fight between hardworking farmers and corrupt crony government, whole India are with farmers. 2022 is deciding year for this fight when BJP will loose every State election.*
7.7k who dislikes. Who don't depend on farmers.   They don't eat rice, vegetables & any farmer products.
Someone is providing wrong information to farmers. This law is for the benefit of the farmers.
We hope farmers will be able to win money correctly because we need them
We strongly support RSS MODI SHAH YOGI SURYA
Farmers are right,, godi govt is wrong 
Salute to All farmers...! Great inspiration to all of us..! For.. Future agitations
Farmers from Punjab. Because this new farmer bill will now end punjab monopoly . 
Who's is this  he know about farmer's  problems?
West Bengal first started Khela Hobe. Now oppositions playing the role of Khela Hobe all over the state's of India. Centre should take action against Tikait & Akhilesh. Oppositions planning to destroy India.
But stil it's a victory of patience and struggle for farmers. 
context : the new law are giving freedom to farmer to sell their produce anywhere in country without interference government procurement system (which is a long pending reform ) , some people (or i can say middle mans) have some vested interest so they are manipulating uneducated farmer by telling them that they will not get fair price of there crops . and guess what those people are also leader of farmers. And than there is whole religious and communist angle .
Investment from private players can introduce new technologies, good transportation & many other direct-indirect advantages. This protest is creation of the fear by some political/non-political institutions to put inside farmers mind that their mandi system is going to go away because of new law which is not. Also, due to mandi system, gov is forced to buy produced only from few states and those states even having ultra rich soils, only produces Wheat or Rice. Mandi system is not profitable system at the end, its more of taxpayers money spent to give money to some rich farmers of few states while rest of the countrys farmers struggle for lifes need.
They are so attached and committed to Indian heritage that they don't even wanna live here and moved to other countries. Makes alot of sense. And these people do not get to protest for farmers did they protest when Indian farmers were committing suicide because they couldn't repay a loan of 3000 usd? 
I am from Odisha , this is true that farmers in Odisha can't afford such transportation and accomodation cost which is being afforded by punjab and haryana etc States for the protest.
UP ME YOGI JI HAI AUR HAMESA RAHENGE
Ravish ji , The way you have described the movement ( Kisan Andolan ) is heartening . The question that comes to mind is why this kind of protest can't be organized by the employees of OFB , Bank & other PSU employees  .. unemployed youths and the common citizens asking the Government to stop talking about Aruanzeb and instead focus on economy  .. to initiate real development and not grand projects .. the need is to have a functioning system in health care , education , law & order , functioning economy .. the leaders can visit shrines etcetera and talk about it within their community  .. smashing of coconut and invoking Allah with a chant doesn't mean development,  real issues is to be addressed  ..questioning should not be countered by chants of Bharat Mata ki Jai , least we forget it our forefathers chanted it to question and overthrow the colonial rule - Jai Hind .
That's showing just one part of the story. You completely missed out or chose to ignore the benefits that new system can bring to farmers and economy. Giving freebies as is demanded  is not a long term solution as it eventually is funded  by public
People who are saying these Bill's are good do they even know how these Bill's were passed, opposition was outside the parliament and BJP leaders were passing Bill's one after another without any discussion
Really good ganesh till now we don't know for what reasons farmers were protesting, you really gave a good example of Ola and explained. Nice keep it up.
Salute the farmers, they lost the battle but won the war. Pray the day will come when genuine help would help elevate your farming to being more lucrative
Thank you sir for elaborative concept clearing talk. However, one thing I have missed in this lecture that same system has been tried in Bihar, Maharashtra and developed countries. Briefly you had discussed about Bihar and Maharashtra but you did not discuss details of outcome through adopting this new Agri System. One of Agri Specialist Dr Devendra Sharma has counter these farm bills through outcome of Bihar and foreign countries. Facts to counter Dr Devendra were lacking in this lecture. Rest all wonderful and very informative. Thank you for exhaustive talk. Regards Sir.
No one come to help farmer and poor people .
I agree. Govt might have been wrong. Media is wrong. But I refuse to believe that those who climbed red fort, removed the national flag and placed a regional flag were farmers. I simply can't.
Govt /Supreme  court should take immediate  action  against them
And he is a Delhi resident who has farmer family in Punjab.
Farming and manufacturing two signs of prosperity...save farmers
Why do you think Ambaani's have already built storage facilities in Punjab already and requested the Haryana govt to allow building storage units there? 
Does that mean, Farmers protest all over India is a result of misunderstanding of the new law and misleading from opponents of Central Governments?  I think so. This protest is just like CAA protest a few months back.
It was much needed!! Considering what is going on in Punjab no one is focusing on what is exactly happening in the bills clarity is much required!
1. Farmers- with elimination of grain markets, very few but big businessmen will purchase grain crops, many farmers will be forced to sell at lower prices. Also, in case of dispute, farmers can't go to courts, so there's a clear chance of exploitation of the farmer by  wealthy businessman.
When Indian Government brings new rules to help farmers in India, a small section of illiterate goons stage protest and block the roads and hijack the republic day. During that the same Vice was supporting them. Now when the old system is becoming obsolete and yielding no results and more suffering to the farmers, the same Vice is showing this report. A typical example of a left leaning two faced journalism. Hind Hassan from Vice tried her best to portray India as a minority hating nation in Kashmir, but when she was made to look like a bat ( hijab ) and those Talibanis laughed at her face, she just fell short of words. I love Vice when it's a neutral media outlet. Not when it's lapdog for Liberals
I can guarantee one thing ..no one of them  can tell all 3 bills that is proposed by the modi govt.
A big thanks to Rajat Sain and Roohani  this reel will glorify the Flowers of our India  and all other countries Punjabis and kissans
Haryana and Punjab have better AMPC system then other states
Ma'am ,  2015 Niti Aayog data shows that 81 percent farmers know about MSP . So, why only 6 percent of them are using it. Please give some insights.
Thankyou for supporting farmers
Farmers are expertice in their field but they are not expertice in legal field so if contract base farming gets implemented somewhere there is a  chances of them getting exploited
Congratulations to the farmers. I hope cloud of politics will be washed away and better drafted law will be tabled.
 MSP     ..   AGAIN.. ABOUT THE BILL
And not just about the farmers bill government in not implementing any policy with any preparation.....just making policy and implement them, government need to decode the things before encoding it into the rules.
India must changes its farming policies and practices. Farmers need to be provided reasonable support by the government so that they can make a decent living and not poison the land at the same time. Farmers need to revert to traditional farming practices so that they don't kill their soil with toxic pesticides and fertilizers, they also need to go back to crops that can have smaller water requirements in order to deal with global warming. Farmers need to wean themselves off of fertilizers and bio-engineered crops imposed by the Indian government. Eventually an impending disaster is in the making in which farmers will be left with poisoned land, increased debts, lower yields and inevitable famine. India is a major power should be setting an example for other countries to follow, not creating ecological disaster that will make them laughing stock of the Third World. The whole problem with India is corruption, hopefully they will mature as a nation and realize that reliable and competent government is simply a better solution for everyone.
Vote for a free Punjab do not forget who put us in Delhi and we had no need to go Delhi if majeetia wasn't allowed to do drug trading under the badal and captain parties Akali and Congress parties.
This officer saying that he is son of Farmar, then why he join police. That means the condition of farmer is really bad, that is why the officer join police for better life. Is not it??
You can compare with share market gold prices or any commodity market..where common people buying or selling on what rates are on board..simple logic else in future koi kuch bhi rate laga k chote farmer ka exploitation krega.
was our farmers were happy before these farm laws ? Do our country farmers dont want any new farm laws ammendments ?
Farmers can end agreements anytime they wish.
2. Comparing Bihar with Punjab and Haryana with Bihar is like comparing Apples and oranges. Bihar's population density is 5 times that of Punjab, high population, land per person is lowest in India while Punjab and Haryana has highest. Punjab & Haryana are rich not because of APMC, if it was that simple, every state would have had APMC by now. Its a way more cluttered.
We need all of the farming bills back
only for oncoming assembly Election , this fellow withdraw that henious farms Law , but farmers never forgot your arrogant apporoch against them.
Very interesting and valuable ,and as my  opinion it is a dangerous bill ,kindly not allow this bill  but need maximum MSP under Govt and Govt Warehouse to store his commodity timely and settle them immediately with maximum price
If it pinches our pocket then excess money flow will be in control. And then demand of certain goods won't increase there by we can control inflation for long time. If private increase the selling price then for sure farmers also going to increase thier selling price. So somewhat the will be kept stable. If the price and supply is stable then demand for the goods won't be raise. If then no raise in demand then there is no surprusing price hike.Teach me if I'm wrong.
I really wanted to know what farmer's were protesting about and this video helped a lot. Thanks!!
Modi and bjp trying the best to not happen a national debate on this issue. 
India Police brutality, stop your violence against peaceful farmers demonstration.
(We are farmers, not terrorists)
First go and read farm bill.
When are you releasing your video on the violence at Singhu border by the Nihang farmers?
We are farmers we support kisan andolan
Those Canadian(s) who supported farmers have supported the same bill in WTC and also against India"s subsidary policy to farmers in international stage to make it very less, thats below 10%.
But There are many farmers who supported, what they do ??
It is very clear now why farmers are protesting... Save the Farmers
You lacked in proper discussion of farm bills..
What the hell is wrong with you people. Whose  thumbnail have you even used? Is this person even associated with the farmers prostet?Either reveal the identity of this farmer or be ready to face the law for spreading fake news. You just can't make an innocent the face of riot. This isn't the 1st time you people are doing it. Whenever someone does bad always the cover photo is a tilak carrying person. YOU PEOPLE NEED TO STOP THIS PROPAGANDA.
So proud of these farmers actually
what do you think about Shekhar Gupta's comments on Farmers Bills. he seems to have done his homework and seems like spouting the truth. I am now confused!
2) In the case of Ola or uber the product used in the transaction is expensive to possess i.e. a car. But in the case of food items, it is difficult to do that as the products are cheap and it is relatively easy for the farmer to go and sell partial goods in Retail Market. Retailers will also adapt to new challenges.
I will always sapot to farmer  
Farmers: need to ensure MSP *exists*
just wanna say the faces of the people who said Modi ji ek baar jo faisla kar lete hai phir vo wapis nhi lete
Elections are due in punjab, uttar pradesh, etc this is the main reason...
This bill is for benifits of farmer
"Farmers are well educated i would rather say much than our agriculture minister narendra tomar"
The solution of this problem is farmers stop working feild if you work store all goods don't sell market government come your door.
Thing is APMC middle man are not gods man. The torture and harrasment the farmers go through in their hands..
It's not just the matter of bill the matter is also for the way of execution and the modi government execution  was clearly failure as it was seen during demonetization.
This is not farmers protest any more.now it is kalistan .oppostion.antiindian .antimodi .it's just 18 page law.i bet 99% of these protester never read
2) A govt, how corrupt it might be, is after all answerable to the farmers/public...bcos, public has voting power...
In other hand many people are favor of these farm laws and see this law as reform in Indian Agriculture sector. The argument that the India farm sector & economy was not doing good from long time and demand lot of public govt money as subsidy, loan waiver, MSP ( minimum Support price ). Also stats shows only 7% total farm produce is buy under MSP. No Govt in world provide such public govt spending in farm sector. Private sector involvement, competition is necessary for reform and advancement of Indian agriculture sector. Also Corporate have done good for India in IT, Dairy milk sector ( ex- Amul ), Engery etc. 
India is different, at least from here we see they treat farmers almost like trouble makers and untouchables , Indian government treat Indian farmers as burden of the country.  A government (especially as India claimed it is a "democracy")  should be for the people, the majority of people in India are farmers, the government should work for them, serve for them, but Indian BJP government does not care about them at all.
After watching this video, I realized that there are many loop holes in ours previous Mandi and also in these 3 bills.
Fighting against Fascism has become a common fight in India
Kya Kiya modiji Apne vote ke liye economic reforms se back off Kar Diya ABB koi reform Nahi Hoga
Thank you for your video, you should see the plight of Chicken farmers in Canada when they make a contract with corporate suppliers. Never get into a  contract with these corporations, it should be against the law.  Its basic slave ownership in a new form.
Most of the farmers in India are fairly uneducated and live in poverty. The problem with bills is that while it promotes free market and opens new possibilities & options for farmers, it will encourage more and more corporates to enter in agri trade. the contract farming will be encouraged by these companies who have lawyers who will exploit the loopholes in system and put clauses and conditions in the contract to minimise the wages of farmers. Do you think a farmer will make rounds of courts when it doesn't deliver on the contract due to bad weather. Similarly stock hoarding will be a problem in future as companies will play a role in controlling prices and demand just as in stock market. Don't forget that only thing that matters for corporates is profits.
There is no corruption in Punjab and haryana against farmers....
We must also understand that in the long run the government wants to get out of the subsidy market and offer goods at market prices! These frameworks will ensure level playing field for the farmers. 
This Farmers Bill is purely unscientific. This type bills won't work in India.
Big win for our farmer brothers. Next....MSP must be ensured to them.
Well explained. However, I'd want to respectfully point out that there seemed to be either a mild anti-government bias or a little bit of ignorance. You left out certain envisaged benefits of the bills. For example, in point 2, due to inter-state sharing of produce, the food wastages can be mitigated. The condition where one state is hungry and the other is wasting a surprlus will be avoided. This will also bring down overall prices on the national scale.
Always with farmers..Repeal the controversial farm laws...
Farmers are the law not bjp
- ivide production fully farmers nte kayyil aanu distribution maathram aanu cooperates, production nallathairikaan farmers ne kaalum cooperates aagrahikum so venda instructions and solutions farmers nu cooperates highly qualified staff ne vechu nalkum.. (eg- fertilizers and pesticides). normal reethiyil nammalkariyaam, farmers (including me) rogam kandethi varumbozhekum plant nashichu pokum... Nilavile system anusarichu govt officials ithinu munnittu  irangiyaalum illankilum avarku fixed govt salary labhikum.. ivide ithinellam cooperate munnitirangum..
Ok that comment at 3:28 is not correct there is no mention of withdrawal of government mandis in the bill. Please read the bill before making factual statements. Also note that the protests are primarily only in a single state. There are no other protests against the Bill all over India. There are farmers in every state of the country, the death rate mentioned by the report is largely from the other states not Punjab, which has a fraction of the total death rate. If the Bill was so bad this would be an all India movement instead of just one state. As such the bill is good but the politics is bad which is what has led to this situation.
For the farmers who deserve more.
Half information is more dangerous than no information, ur lying do debate on this with someone like me Ill tell u what the hack is this game is all , you are not a farmer u cant feel or know the whole truth of these all laws
this media is still protecting MODI JI
7 years ka bad bi modi poverty and food crisis ko dor kyu nahi kar pya...?  What about inflation....? What about employment....?... Our godi media never asked this type of question to the government....
what about the farmers killed by the law , this type of governess will kill the contoury
Lots of love from India. I have been watching every video of yours since you covered Trump's visit to India. Thanks a lot for this video. Unfortuantely, Arnab Goswami : the Tucker Carlsen of India is gonna do an episode on you and say you're paid and all. Along with all the major media channels of India. They're no less than Chinese Media.
Got goosebumps after watching this.. proud of you farmers
I enjoyed almost all your videos, but you lost it here in the technicalities. Of course your story telling is good as always, but you made not mistakes but blunders in explaining the subject. For example, Farmers are not the ones who store their produce and then shove it in the marked for gains, it's the post farmer buyers, the big commodity business folks who do do that. Pls take it as a constructive criticism and keep doing the good work. Lastly, there is way more in such sensitive subjects than what meets the eye or the black and white, choose subjects where you can do greater justice.
NDTV Make a correction, These are farmers of haryana and punjab not whole country. we are supporting it.
It's mean it is clear that private players want to purchase farmers  crops less than MSP
By the way the use of real "onion" in this video did not made me cry but the conditions of farmers has really made !
India mei sirf election e hota hai.  Fucking democracy..
This is the most pro farmer bill India has passed to date, it literally makes it so government can't control the price you sell your crops, the only negative part of this bill is the regulation that says you can't utilise 3rd party companies to sell your crops, other than that it's great, and its not "neo liberal" it's capitalist, if you want an example as to what happens when government controls the price and flow of resources just look at the Soviet union, or China under Mao, not anymore tho now China's just politically communist, and economically capitalist.
Congratulations its a historic day especially the FARMERS passed 2 farmers bill become ACT soon..
I didn't knew all the farmers in India were only Sikhs 
You're assuming that farmers are smart and they'll sell it to private players at increased price.
Mandi what u heard is a place where u sell ur crops and it was operated by govt until the recent farm laws.
People who eating food support farmers and respect their hard work... Because they are right.... New farmer bill is only for private sector modi govt. Is totally failed in india
Lack of Consultation: First the ordinance route and now the hastily attempt to pass the Bills without proper consultation adds to the mistrust among various stakeholders including farmers.
APMC is actually Congress made system for establishing Corruption on regular basis..
UP elections are around the corner. Congratulations to all the farmers who participated and won this fight against corrupt politicians. Long live revolution. Down down Imperialism. Inquilab Zindabad
Average Indian is full of BJP Brahminical propaganda and TV, newspaper media companies, Bollywood stars only praise modi.
In the three laws government allowed farmers to demand their own price and not the generalized one.
Please support farmers please support farmers please please support farmers OR ELSE IT WILL BE TOO LATE
For point 1 i think there are startups now which are already helping farmers with seeds and other tech inputs.They can also provide legal services for farmer when dealing with corporates.
Farmers will win because they are farmers 
Poor farmers.Their plight should be understood and laws made to protect their hard work and produce.
Support farmers and sikh brothers...
It is heinous act by government to provoke farmers to show violence while they have been protesting peacefully for almost more than 50 days. They do their best to provide food to each and everyone but their own country leaders don't listen their voice.
nobody in India believe modi anymore. If he don't callback farm bill 100% BJP lose UP election . Now modi is No1 pappu of India.
U cleared all issues regarding this farm bill
Do not sell your land to indian government or to other people.  It's your God given gift to be farmers.  
I think opposition need to follow farmers. Fight for not only democracy but also for the rights of people  if they are serious.
Modiji known for tuff decision. But this is unfortunate. For few anarchist you can not forget rest of 99.99% farmers. I am very sad today. If political decisions to be taken then so was congress
Support farmers who grow food for mankind not the politicians who eat human flesh
Raising minimum support prices was not the solution. Experts have pointed out that only 6% of all farmers benefited from public procurement at MSP.
The government was wrong to rush the bills, not listening to the farmers, using force at first. But after the proposed amendments accepted and guarantees ensured, it the ego of the protesters fighting now. They are not getting into any sorts of dialogue. The whole issue is now a ego clash.
I support Indian farmers 
proud to be an indian. salute to these farmers from punjab and haryana
1. Agitation by buyers, middlemen, APMC traders - But all of this is still going on, and we are looking forward to benefiting farmers.
Some ppl are saying this are rich ppl not farmers ....
I don't think MSP should be legalized.We already know govt. doesn't have enough resources during this time and we also know that how effectively govt. machineries work. Billion tons of wheat,rice is  being wasted due to huge procurement of only this type of crops by FCI. Instead govt. should decrease MSP on this crop and should increase MSP and can be made legalized for those crops which are in huge demand in USA and in EU because not all type of crops are being sown in this temperate climatic  conditions . Crop diversification is needed so that indians can get nutrition from variety of crops.Share your thoughts on this.Dhruv please reply to me .I am waiting for your reply since time immemorial 
America itself doesn't provide any MSP to its farmers
All good. But also ask yourself are the only farmers in India are Punjabi Sikh? Where are the farmers from other states??
If they don't want it,why should he take all the blame? Let the farmers decide their future. They'll surely regret one day. No one can save them unless they decide to save themselves.
Farming does happen in other areas except for Punjab BTW. But the major problem for ignored here, which is land fragmentation. Largely farmers are having more and more sons and per capita land availability is decreasing to just 2 to 3 H of land compared to 444 acres of USA. 
This would have made India top agriculture exporter. It would have increased farmers income.
Please dont cry further and expect help when more farmers are driven to loan debts and end up in suicide.
Bro..i understand you are against BJP or current governament but does mean Rakesh tikait is right, You remember Muzaffarnagar riots , he and his father were there to provoke people and playing hindu muslim and saying  ..these are politicians we know how they play with sentiments of people. You please dont spread such wrong informations. Hope you know how inconvenience is caused due to these protests , if you travel or drive by roads from delhi you will understand pain of local or small business persons pain. Please vote right people next time and change the system. These farmers also do not have rights to disturb and harm other people's liveliness. We are here we know this pain. So please
If after all these things some people still support modi govt then i don't really think these guys will ever understand..they're just too deaf and blinded by toxicity ! Andhbhakt for a reason
Your tittle good or bad for farmers doesn't match your elaborations your concept good to write in exam as we are not supposed against government policy
There are 96 Thousand Tractors and 12 million Farmers  protesting on the border of Capital of India " New Delhi". Dear World,  it's  the Longest March in the history of Planet Earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present  "Government of India". Please Support Us, as the "Farmers Produces" are daily  three times on your Dining  Tables. Indian Media is paid by Agencies and are fabricating the protest. Support Us, in writing the "Most Beautiful Chapter in the History of this Planet Earth". 
GOVT CAN SOLVE ISSUE, WHY DELAY, THESE FARMERS ARE FOR US,  IF THEY WANT BILL BACK, THEN BACK, ALL INDIA FARMERS ARE CRYING FOR THE BILL, REVERT THEM BACK, OTHERWISE, IN FUTURE YEARS, WE WILL SUFFER, THEY KNOW WHAT IS BETTER FOR THEM.
thnku sir sporting farmers
Yes, i support farmers proudly 
Its so heartbreaking and painful to see our farmers suffering .KISSAN MAZDOOR EKTA JINDABAD.
Didi this bill is 20%good but 80% is bad bcz today is i sold my crop in 8 per kg where government say MSP is 18 rs per kg but big Miller and( binyas) are giving us there own rate they also konw farmer don't have any storage capacity and the crops which is cut down that we can't store more than 2 day in our( trali) obviously farmer will sell his crops in cheap prices and after that they will sold same rice crops in 100 rs per kg to our people in market ,Where farmer is forced to suicide bcz we have laons and we buy the fertilizer and pesticides in high price and banks laon interst and  for next farming we need money who will put desile in our tractor  .
Once again india will devided in 3 part as khalistan, jk and India.....
Half of Indias budget will go for MSP. That is just for landed people, basically assured income for any quality of crop. Money for MSP comes from industrial and sales taxes from industry base primarily created by landless factory worker and labour both in construction as well as farm. Farmer under the pretext of employing labor wants to pocket lakhs of money as MSP just because they hold land. Land prices have increased 10 times in 30 years. These farmers are fat farmers. Any farmer than owns 10 acres is making 12 to 15 lakhs of tax free income. These farmers are stealing sweat of landless. 80% of India is landless. See this below.
Protesters had common people's support until few days ago when it turned violent, this is due to some extremists pushing  the 'Free Khalistan' ajenda. Now protest lost its meaning endangering country's sovernity. I supported them at one point, but when the extremists drove tractors over police and pushed them over the 10-15 foot ridge, that was just brutal.
in the starting of the video he said that they talked to all traders farmers nd industries etc!! But how do we know that u did?? Show a clip atleast of the conversation!!! 
BJP party desh ke liye Congress party rajniti party ke liye Congress party pariwar bachao party hai Jay hind
7. Imagine thousands of people blocking roads for 2 months.... Who is FEEDING them???? It's funded by Khalistani supporting organizations.... 
More power to farmers- they are the real heroes of our Nation 
Plz see from farmers side
One draw back is politicians will loose commission income which they used to loot from poor farmers for the last 70 years and their cartel can not decide the selling price of any produce of farmers. No doubt, State Govt will loose 10% mandi tax levied on poor farmers but State Govt can easily make up for the above losses by increasing the tax  on liquor/ cigarettes,etc or by curtailing the free bees given to rich people like free scooters given to working women, free laptops given to students of rich people, free rations given to Govt employees / tax payers, free Deepavali and Pongal gifts given to affluent families, levying 10% tax on donations received by trusts owned and operated by politicians, levying 10% cess on pension money received by politicians, like MLA, MP, Municipal councillors,etc., ( as the donations received by any political party and the pensions received by MLA,MP, Councillor, etc., are exempted from income tax, State Govt can levy just 10% cess to compensate the loss caused due to forecasted reduction in revenue on mandi tax) etc.,
Great win of the farmers against the government
Excellent presentation...so basically we common people are going to affect... there will be monopoly in market .. government wants to give free hand to corporate .. once they take up procurement and distribution they are going to keep what ever price they want ..so common man will be affected.. like how petrol prices are increasing essential good price will increase...we consumers should protest this bill ..thanku for the video
I'm indian with few of my family farmers.. Now leme tell you the news is seriously wrong and biased. Many farmer think nothing of the law and most thinks its a good thing.. Few in 2 states dont like it. Now you know..
Mandis also work in some parts and other parts, corrupt officials just leech on farmers leaving them poor.
i proud to be punjabi and i stands with farmers
This protest is based on a thinking that government will close mandis and MSP but govt has made it clear that they wont.
Farmers can not do this extra job, they need helping-services. 
This is not the full picture.. the fundamentals of the new laws seem to benifit farmers more than not.
Everyone know actually he Modi want more votes in coming state election.
Now ask yourself for what these sudo farmers are blocking roads for.
No vote for BJP up and punjab
Oppose as much as you want no one can defeat BJP, the ground level work and development by RSS and ABVP are so strong that even 100 dalals like Dhruv rathe can't even triger 1% votes. Check latest Gandhinagar elections or karnatka local elections. YouTube pe sab savasher hote hai janta ke beech kam karti hai BJP , no chance of lossing 2024.
# WeStandWithFarmersProtest
farmers had attacked the convoy with stones, and that one of his cars overturned as a result, crushing two farmers. Angry farmers then attacked and killed his driver and three BJP workers travelling in the convoy
BJP will save both Minister and his SON. Nobody can touch BJP Leaders including Supreme Court. Save INDIA.
The problem with the video is it gives a simplistic view, i am a farmer with few acres of land in orissa.Let me explain you what the author missed.First myth farmers get MSP across India, fact remains you have to pay the dalals cut at APMC for MSP.Also APMCs sometimes pay less than MSP. Contract farming is not bad as its made out to be,more over small farmers will not be target of these.We already have some successfull cases in orissa, it was implemented in may.You may find it hard but these rice subsidy is hurting the farmer, govt gives these essential commodity for less to people and pays farmer less. Result is that the farmers can not get labor for field work as people if they get to eat without much effort have stopped working hard, i do not know about other state but this is the case in odisha.
It is strange situation that the law farmers want is being denied and the law they don't want is being implemented
Its a good bill but as u said farmers r not sure of implementation 
Farmers against the Dictator.
I'm a Muslim in support of India's farmers!
I wonder why they said we are not in need of these farm bills instead of saying these bills are going to hurt their business. Are they afraid that the farmers of other states too will be able to sell their produce to the corporates?
If America media can understand the plight of indian farmers and consequences of these 3 bills why not Indian media? 
I I'm proud of my farmars ji jaban ji kisan thanks to BBC news
They have forget one thing which i should correct that new laws restrict farmers to sue corporates. According to the new law farmers can not sue corporates so in short they have closed the gates of courts for farmers
Seems like you have been missing news of farmers throwing aways their potatoes tomatoes because of very low prices
Farmer's are more intelligent than the govt
FYI - average land holding in India s 2.5 acre; so who benefits - rich farmers; at least that is what I got from your explanation of farm bill#2 - you are playing with food security of country by brining in private companies
We farmers just want obligatory right from Govt.not compulsion if any
Our PM cannot pull such crowd any time but farmer's unity for justice has broken the record.
farmers holded a good debate. they are answering all question nd are totaly well informed.
They are killer of Farmers....
Very sad to see Rajewal go with the politics party. Let's see what happens next. SKM should stay together and strong. Farmers should support SKM decisions. Indian from UK.
Very poor reporting not speaking about the truth about the government and the farmers BBC seems more pro for the government than the poor farmers.
This same thing happened when  the privatization of electricity in 2002 takes place but we almost increased our capacity to produced electricity 4 times after privatization of this sector. The  protest also happened when the liberalization of indian economy takes place, but we know how it helps to uplift India economy ,now it time to liberalize farming sector whether people like it or not. But those who know little bit about economy knows that these law definitely improve the condition of farmers especially  the farmers of Bihar, UP, Bengal who have most fartile land but due to the government policy's they are poor. Punjab just afraid of not getting cheap labour from these states because after this law the farmers of these state become more phosphorus.
*Farmer not won is just politics by Modi*
India is industrializing, so the farmers who lose their job now, will go to the manufacturing amd service sectors.
14:34  in villages, people almost buy vegetables & fruits directly from farmers
we have to support our farmers
Let's hope for best  . Came out from this government rule . For our farmers.
Why there is no farmer's strike in other states ? Why it is confined to vicinity of New Delhi only ? When center has assured Supreme Court that this law will be kept in abeyance for two years  - then why this strike ?
There is not a single point to defend these laws, even if they r so called benefical in ur eyes, farmers don't want it, so  take it back what is the big deal?? #wesupportfarmers
Bro - please make a video on ongoing Farmers protest. Godi media is not showing the right picture
So basically the rich farmers are worried that the poor farmers will start earning and take their piece of cake and so protesting?
I don't understand why this decision has been taken but the reasons must be compelling. I don't think this has anything to do with elections. BJP has lost many state elections. Why would Modi damage his image and the welfare of people for state elections?
There are no APMCs or the Mandi version in America..
Socha nhi tha ye sirf media soch rahi  thi jisko politics ki samaj hai vo janta tha ki sarkar palte gi election se theek pahle.
When bill comes there is so much view points and discussion and propaganda but during repeal they didn't even give points for taking it back, which he hold for 1year&3month and cause so much tragedy & quarrel several policeman and farmers died and no sympathy to those people and still Saying like prime minister showing mercy for taking it back...spit on such a cowardness...when passing the bill he speak the all three bills himself but when taking back he pass out his message to his minister for not have a courage enough to show his face it is shameful for our Prime Minister.
There is a power in unity  it has been long time to protest against law but finally farmers have won a great victory.   
One thing I would like to tell you is that during the 'Mandi' system there was no assurance of MSP and if you look at the rules and regulations, you will that MSP was never a legal mandate......however the current farmer's bill will enable corporates to exploit that loophole to great advantage
They are saying Bihar is lagging behind due to reform but Bihar's growth rate has been much higher than Punjab and haryana. Punjab has been lagging behind in growth rate for a long period of time. People should stop projecting Bihar as a no use no growth state. 
It's shows clearly they are fully funding from outside to Rakesh and wanted our india never and ever be developed country
This seems like start of end of project india, even though something is good for the nation all you have to do is resort to violence and the necessary reforms will be repealed even though protest were largely in 2 small states, india has world's largest land under cultivation and our farm output is only 60% of China, nothing can be done of this country. sad
If there is no APMC ( an intermediate bw farmers and coporate)  ,then the farmers will become the dolls of coporates..the farmers will be forced to what coporates says........
One should try to understand...that BJP is trying to save Kagana and gearing up for UP election..
Someone show this video to the govt, opposition parties and our farmers. 
Excellent, no words proud to be punjabi proud to be kisan majdoor Ekta always won truth congratulations never forget veera great song
You are factually wrong here ....MSP has nothing to do with APMC price discovery....APMC always buys below MSP ....and 3% are not the charge ...they differ
This was a bad decision to repeal imo because It provided more freedom and opportunity to farmers but I hope in future the government has some better plans for them and has better communication skills whilst introducing the bill.
Idea of Rss is the current future of India.
Moreover you didnt even mentioned about the entire Toolkit propaganda by the pro Khalistani groups and the commies trying to divide India.
We r farmers and my whole family and village are doing farming but not protesting any one because they are not have timing. Sikhs are losing their credibility
So, if farmers has granary or storage place then they can stock or else they can keep on selling it in APMC on MSP or even to private entities.  again there is no compulsion.
Vice news should have covered more aspects like green revolution, chemical fertilizers usage, msp policy, fci policy, ground water depletion, middle men system, stubble burning , farm laws, private investments, soil issues, pro n cons. Punjab  would have been a good case to many states.
Exploitation of farmers in India has been going on from British times. Unfortunately this sector has been been ignored by subsequent Govts.
I support farmers  but not only in India but also in  whole region
I am also belongs to farmers family
Punjab election is near
Support to these farmers .
my father is a farmer...and i understand this well..
This is all because of MSP and APMC
Stupid Statement. Farmers are enough intelligent than this guy... They are not stupid who suffered chilled winter season heavy rain and extreme heat on the road. If these laws in their favour they accepted. Now no mean to criticized them.
Farmers are tough. My own personal witnessing.
All responsibility of all kisan died in kisan movement to rakaish tikait and  arrest him and also drop in tihad jail.
No law is absolute, there always will be loopholes that can be plugged with time, so the clause by clause discussion is needed with the farmers to end this dead lock.
The farm laws are pro farmers . It's anti middlemen. I being a farmer from South India fully support Government of India.
This bill is could be implemented with covering loopholes & atleast a law which keep  earning profit % in +ve for farmers (may be MSP or some different way to establish the same)
From your video it is evident that these bills are advantageous to farmers.. Then why farmers of punjab and haryana are protesting.. These bills are for their own good then what makes them oppose these decisions??
I thought the video was regarding the protests why police and government  are trying to stop the farmers by all means.. that would have been wonderful...Anyways i guess this channel aint about criticising the people in power
Most of them are punjabi sikh minority in India hmmm
Very good, a clear picture of government ruthlessly ignoring the protest of these peace full farmers
Jai kisan  this is what peaceful protest can do. Congrats to all the farmers u guys are real heroes.
We the people of India are in great trouble.. our family members are farmers and we are afraid of lossing them all
So Refreshing to see Punjab and Haryana Together. Waheguru Mehar bnaye rakhe. Please please don't fall for SYL politics, ask your leader about the ground water first and then SYL issue will automatically lose the relevance. Politicians just want to divide us and rule us. But this revolution should be milestone in strengthning bond. Balle sheron.
You know, I can never shake off this feeling that he is scheming something bigger. We can never be sure with Modi-Shah. For all we know, this could be a move to secure an alliance with SAD and reduce the strength and talking points of the opposition. Something big is on its way, the last time i felt like this was when BJP formed an alliance with PDP in J&K, and we all know how THAT went.
Ahh....I like your complete perspective analysis, but this topic is about farmers/economy , should have been dealt with some hard fact analysis...this poor pj aren't at all funny.
farmers can sell their crops anywhere ...
Excellent analysis by Dhruv........you could have added one more point about how big corporates can backward integrate into farming and take the livelihood of farmers..............but great video...i have no doubt that corporates do not have any interest of farmers at heart and would sell produce at usurious rates to consumers.........repealing these contentious farm laws was the only option at this stage.......
I am an Indian farmer. I will tell you this. This issue is related to only 2 states that is Punjab and Haryana. No where else farmers are protesting in India. For a long time farmers in Punjab and Haryana grew at the expense of other farmers in India. Now that their monopoly is broken they are crying about it. I repeat I have no issue with the farm laws brought by Government of India.
Actually the reality is that farmers really dont know what to do and what to not they all blind fools by some else.. all they need is to understand the bills and in deeply and then must have to unite together with peaceful protest not by damaging gov property.
Repeal three laws? Yeah, and repeal the nationality law, and ban the IMF and World Bank, and forgive all farmers debt, and subsidize small farms, and invest in rural and poor communities, and invest massively in infrastructure, and abolish caste discrimination, and...
I think it's a good law for the farmers but government should also ensure that APMC Markets will be continue In such a way as they are running now
Excellent video with simple explanation. I don't know what I'm missing, but the benefits of these bills definitely seem to outweigh the risks. The genuine loss will be state revenues by way of mandis. There's the intrinsic reality, then there's politicking. Difficult to tell apart fact from fiction even for us, let alone the farmers. It is quite clear that BJP is really bad at communicating legislation to the public clearly.
Very detailed and perfect explanation of Farm Bills,
one of the other main problem that i see in India is that there's no regulations for checking and maintaining quality of the vegetables that are bought and sold in these mandis seriously our food quality super low. 
That's not a life to spend money to feed the rest of the country. Every meal is a loss for every farmer.
I support farmers....
I support this bill 
Farmers must stand united & stick to their demand of officially repealing the farm laws in the Parliament & provide MSP as a guarantee by way of a fresh bill of Parliment.
Very good initiative... big media houses rarely showing this protest. Very proud of farmers conviction 
PM Modiji has declared it...but still, hutiya is asking it in writing. Bade sakt londe ho Bhai.
hey isnt there another thing tht these farmers cannot approach the court in case od disputes and some local dovt official will resolve the dispute?
-why the farmers of India earn very less compared to most of the countries despite good economic growth?
Bro the most patient people are mathematicians,not farmers
Congratulations to all the farmers 
Do these farmers have access to internet? One way to stop this pollution and exploitation of farmers is to stop producing food for others. They must produce food for themselves in order to stop making other rich...
All should do a Google once to know the details of farmer suicides across the country for decades and the root causes....and which govts failed utterly
Whenever i watch India street food i'm amazed with how much the food cost, it is really really cheap, even much cheaper in my country which beg question is farming bring any financial benefits to the farmers? Genuine question.
It is again a drama to finish the andolon . So farmers should be alert
May be the bills are good then why didn't mention they msp clause
I belongs to farmer family we lost nothing we gain nothing  if govt do hit and trial method with farm laws then we exactly know it's gives us profit or loss Farmers with large land or small land are ok but in between farmer who have nor large nor small land  get hit because tractor  and all other machines are expensive
Mayavati brainless leader. She is chor. Welcome Modiji in Punjab. Hindu dharm ki Jai ho. Jai hind.
I am upsc inspired so this video very clearly understood   farm bills. Sir thank-you so much
Inhone to fact basis baat karo hi nhi ki teeno bill main exactly kya hai bill totally in favour of farmers bus ek do amend ki jaroorat hai
No farmer no food 
I feel very pity for farmes, but Modi will rule as P.M for more than 10 to 15 or so for sure. So you just can't put his government down.
What could happen is that Indian real estate companies buy up Indian farms and sell that land to Blackstone. Blackstone can use that land for industry, mining, or farming  except the worker would be the former Farmer. Another major problem is that the laws state New Delhi manages the entire process and not the local areas. The 3rd law goes into detail what New Delhi can do. Not only the farmer, but local restaurant to the family diet is  lost. This isn't limited to the Farmer but effects the cultural food chain of each community that makes up India.
A time will come when farmers will demand in agriculture rules
I loove India's food, please don't make the farmers suffer
A strong wave form against bjp this condition 100%
1) The Modi govt respects the farmers, there have been govts that quelled farmers protests in a week with bullets (hint: congress)
in any country the farmers are poor and work the hardest but the money the make is little. thus gov should do more for them to secure agri sector as it is so important
PM has regrettably given into the andolan-Jeevis and it is regrettable! The egg is on his face now! What ever political expediency derived out of it will be a small gain compared to emboldening the break India forces and their agents with their workable tactics! The losers are the poor farmers and the credibly of the Government. If they wanted to relent, he could have left it with the States to take it up or not!
Sir u both are doing great job... But  one thing is more important that farmer has to take their stand and genrally problem of price is when onion is cultivated and rates increase more farmers actually cultivate it...leading to decline in price.. We should smartly manage own village or areas cultivation their requirement and storage... Young youth should actually actively be part of it... Bcoz if farmers arent able to deal with Industry then this is responsblity of their children to handle it... Atleast rate of his product will be fixed...
Power to the farmers !!! Lets goooooo !!!
Nothing but fooling the nation.    Everybody is only trying to prove to which gang or which party the criminals were, rather than immediately finding the truth and punishing the criminals.   Considering the anti-farmer attitude that the new urban and social media India has, these incidents happening is not surprising.    Not sure whether the Modi and Yogi brigade considers this as a great achievement of developing UP.
Samadish..Thank you for this brilliant transparent coverage of the protest..We support our farmer brothers and hope this protest will knock some sense into the moronic BJP government.
Yogendera yadav Ji try to go in Rajya sabha through AAP party and ask government for farmers problems.
Thanks for covering the indian farmers.
Let farmers decide whats best for them. We are talking about 500 farmers association with lakhs of members. They know each and every alphabet in the bill. Farmers are telling all three bills are tailor made for the corporates. They have all the resources and advocates to understand this bill. The association even said it cannot be made by government because it is so micro detail that farmers will be blocked from all 4 corners. Farmers association already had 5 meeting . 2 in Punjab and 3 in Delhi but still they are adamant about not applying it. The only thing they want from the government is to loose all this 3 bills and apply MSP. Even U.K. government said this is a death bill for the farmers. 36 ministers from U.K. has sent letter to modi not to apply this bill. This bill has already been applied in western countries and it flopped big time. It only looks ok on theory but not in practice. Bottom line is this bill was not put into place with good intention, government knew its cons. Gov thought farmers are stupid and brought this kala bill swiftly during corona crisis on June 2020.
1. Govt is making verbal claims on #MSP but NOT mentioning them on the #FarmBill2020 to Empower #Farmers incase of exploitation by Corporate! 
It started with Rahul Gandhis tractor rally in Punjab
Farmers in Canada of Indian heritage live in big mansions. They held caravans driving in their luxury cars in support of the farmers in India. I dont have a point. Just stating an observation.
I appreciate foreign media covering up the story, but it is showing  one side of the story that is responsible for the derision of the REAL Farmer for the last 70 years. These guys are blocking roads, demanding a different state (read about KHALISTANI separatism) under the garb of 'Peaceful protest'. Educate yourself before mocking the government who  is bringing farm reforms to benefit the Farmers, to enable them reach their dreams. More farmers are supporting the reforms than the people who are protesting and calling themselves farmers.
Stay poor farmers coz Rakesh tikait wants it.And fun fact he is not satisfied after this too
"No farmers No food"
Farmer are always great... Appreciate Lalantop for great documentary work...
Huge respect for both farmers and the channel. If you dont let the world know what is happening, their voices will be muted by political clowns. I know that, being part of fisherman's community.
all i wanna say is that these aren't the real farmers.. some might be real but if they were then by now india would probably start facing food shortage, its been over 8 months still everything is normal across the country... however it makes me wonder its been 8 months still those people are protesting, how can they manage their family like this?? arent they facing money shortage??? how are they able to afford their living prices!?? who's funding them??? 
It happens when u bunk class of mathematics.add 3-4 zeroes extra and the news become sensation.250 million  more than population of uttar pradesh.bro u should say thousands.that suits 250 million.8-9 times population of punjab.10-15 times even more than population of whole jaats in india in which some are protesting.
Centuries old attributes that led farmer to produce are her/his honour and self esteem- govt is siphoning that out and handing it over to the traders.
I am unable to stop laughing because when election come BJP leaders will start doing exactly what they had to do so far
O come on...,  Kangna is right because in Punjab the farmers r one step away from being called Terrorist or Khalistanwadis bhakts but what bhakts will call the farmers of Haryana, UP, Karnataka, and the rest of India ??
Inqlab zindabad... i m from India... i m with Farmers.....
This is NOT an unbiased view. The bills will also bring in better ways of farming, improve the lives of farmers, improve quality of products, new technogies through better investment, improve exports and many other factors which is not explianed here. When new policies and law comes there will be reluctance to change as some may get affected. But over period of time this definitely is good for the future of Indian farmers, agriculture and economy.
Where is the huge farmer though?
I come from an India where a standup comedian is a feminist during the day and becomes a r*pist by the night.
Nice but one confusion...by removing certain items from essential commodities how the income of farmers is going to increase...big players can easily fluctuate the prices by hoarding and releasing massively according to their needs...like when they need to buy from farmers they release the stock in market in huge quantity and tell the farmers that look the prices are down and the farmer will sell their products at low prices...and after that they again start hoarding and reduce the supply in market thus raising prices...so how the farmer gets benefited out of this??
Now please end this conversation if farmers are happy then India is happy
The bills were passed without consulting the farmers in like 3 minutes in the parliament. And now modi has cancelled the winter parliament session cause he is afraid of farmers and is saying it is done due to covid. But in bengal he is campaigning for elections. No covid?
This agitationist group of farmers have (minority) destroyed entire farmers future. Great success achieved after 140 days of highway agitation by Tikai &company.He may continue for the continued supply of comfortable life, in AC tents
And well done farmers brother.
Rip 800 farmers life 
When BJP rules farmers and common men are slaves. Not even the British did this much cruelty in India
Great job indian farmers
Completely motivated, false, misleading report. This is not farmer's agitation. Diverse interests - except genuine farmers -  have united to create anarchy, hoping to push their own agenda. Will fizzle out sooner.
Casually goes to farmer, 
Aur last comment agar sarkaar sach me farmers ki progress chahti hai to jo sponser company hai uske share me kisano v ko hissa de ki ek profit ka itna hissa aapko diya jyeaga. Jis area me jo unit lage. Ye contract me likha hona chahiye jiski auditing government auditor officer se ho
Priyanka it's all your KARMA, GANDHIS N CONGRESS all will have to pay there price you made BHARAT suffer for so long. JAI MAA BHARTI  JAI MODI JAI YOGI
BBC you forgot to cover the last 60 days where the farmers have been sleeping on the road in the cold and patiently waiting for Modi to negotiate - this protest turned  violent because they have been provoked.
Poor farmer are misled by this dacoit
Throwing Indian flag and jamming road by fake farmers
Stand with farmers 
Really you are awaring the reality of farmers . And you have a leadership quality.. ... You are one of the true teacher I have ever seen.
And crop insurance provided by company is very rare... And farmers are left at the mercy of big corporates
Same laws these farmers are opposing have kept us back for decades..
The Minimum Support Price should be made a statutory right available against state and non-state buyer.
Bjp=congress
It's MSP calculated by A2 method capped at 10% of MSP, for both farmers and buyers, with the below provision
If reading the law and calling it beneficial for the farmers is Modi Bhakti... let it be. Im a Proud Modi bhakt
*I came from small farmer background, this is victory for Zamindar (landlords) not poor farmer's*
Indian farmers created history.
Can you plz add ,that the bill offers them more choice, if they have apprehensions about contract  farming ,they can sell in mandis....so where is the problem.
Also with passage of time the Farmers cannot remain as Becharas and become victims. They have to get educated enhance the skills, I am not saying the farming skills but the economics and become techsavy.
I stand with Farmers.
This is for punjab election
search the script of original farm bill talked in lok sabha.
The situation in Maharashtra as I know is worse. I don't know the details but I know one thing that farmers working day and night would settle for some miserable profit for their ignorance and the middle men or vyapari who actually do nothing will have the big bunglow , cars.
Love you to all my farmers uncle
India got 29 sates and only three state essentially 1 regional few motivated people are protesting how they represent all farmers across India.
I dont know why but media got hurt to see farmers win. Can see all reportrs in pain and vain expressns hahaha
Best decision if it ain't broken don't try fix it all farmers happy only need msp as law
Congratulations to all farmers 
No need to add this three bills, government have to just improve APMC systems
Central BJP  Govt. has made life of every Indian miserable... haven't seen one ACHE DIN in the last 6 years...  GOD PLEASE SAVE INDIA 
How many of you ready to be a farmer ?hit like
3. With these laws, the mandi system will slowly die away because of farmers shifting to other ways like inter state selling and contract farming eventually leading to closing of mandis. Bihar did away with mandi system and look at the condition (lowest income in nation). Farmers are worried the same will happen to them.
Farmers are the backbone of India. Protect them .
Funny to see free market farmers in the US and Canada protesting against free market reforms in India.
I donot understand why all people crying for MSP MSP.... when only 6% of profuce is procured within MSP... do you really think it will work? Nope... If they can't get MSP in mandi... How the hell u expect this from private
You are a true example Indian Farmers. Not only did you achieve this for which I am so happy for you But you have shown the rest of the world things are not hopeless! You give me strength!
All weather brave farmers are brothers and sisters of soldiers They are not stepping back without having their demands met with.
Congratulations to all farmers.... 
Mr. Noha if u have time please go and read the bill...these bills are just giving  option to farmers for trading....may be this would be comedy for u bcz u live in USA where this would not cause any protest....but there are many ppl who will use vedio for instigating farmers in India
Let me just confirm one thing as an indian supporting farmers' protest, these khalistanis have nothing to do with these protests that are completely a matter of indian policy making, and all these idiots who just show up with kalistani flags to show support for indian farmers will not be acknowledged as a part of the protests, but an opportunity to assert khalistani autonomy.
Till Date nobody explain briefly what is benefit of Farmers from these laws and what is loss . We can do protest nobody is going to stop but doing public property damage-- NO way -- We need very strong law against mob who did this . suppose if your car / motorcycle they damage who is going to pay. Delhi roads and all other infrastructure for the public .. we have no rights to damage those infrastructure.  If i am home minister i fired delhi police commissioner and all DCP. They can't control and make plan. Why did we paying them and giving so much facilities and power . They don't have good training and strategy for this type of problem. We need proper people who can manage. Who are fuck gave them tractor trolly  permission on 26 Jan. Fired them including Netas .
Minister & Yogi Ji to this police officer: Zor zor se bolkar sabko scheme Bata de
It is a very wrong decision. It shows that the government is weak and lacks the willpower to go through reforms.80% farmers who were supportive of these laws have nowhere to go now.It shows how hooliganism has won.Its distressing. Nobody has won but Nation has lost a big opportunity.
Have the farmers thought about learning to code?
Update: The Central Govt has now agreed on 2 of the 4 demands of farmers who are protesting against the farms laws!
Pepsi case has no relevance here.. you have used a bad example.. Pepsi withdrew the case in 2019 after government intervention.. and this case was not related to contract farming or what the farmer concerns are today..
Thank you for such a sensible explanation at a time when the political parties and the farmers of certain states are not willing to understand the real part of the bills!
Neutral opinion: It's true that khalistani's hijacked the protest but modi saying msp tha, msp he, msp rahega but not willing to give it in writing, kya bakchodi he be
I'm not a supporter of any party, I wonder why other state farmers are not making much noise like Punjab, now don't tell me Punjab is bread basket of India, each state in India produces different types of food,  example some say Andhra Pradesh as rice bowl of India and how can we forget spice state Kerala communists.
Farmers are innocent hard workers.... Hope government tries to educate them about the empowerment and benefits of the bill passed. Its only because of state government politics and misguidance which has lead to chaos. Not at all farmer's fault. Nor the central government's fault. If farmers are worried then government has to convince them and make sure corporate companies treat farmers equally as a business partner and do not exploit them. Once mandi system is removed only then farmers will be able to think out of the box. Hope we see farmers evolve and be the richest and happiest citizens.
It was the worst bill in the history of India.
Passenger and farmers both are blaming government .but still government will be arrogant till his last breath. 
For anyone wondering what Happened to the Protest. Despite of many problems and hardships the protest continued and Finally the Government Withdrew all 3 Farms laws.... The Farmers Won!!
You mean that new farm law is overall good for farmers??
Only thing which i got to know that Farmers should get educate & should show unity like other traders so they will not exploid by private companies.
Long live the farmers will win this war  don't give up hope entire world is with the farmers 
The protest of these farm bills is happening all over the country. The people of Punjab and Haryana are more prosperous and able to stand up against these harmful farm bills. These farm bills will harm ALL THE STATES OF MY COUNTRY. BIG FISH EAT SMALL FISH. Does that make sense to you? If not then there is no point in trying to convince you to open your mind and see the long term negative impact these bills will have.
long live farmers of our country
O God please give Energy to Farmers for every Success 
Not fully explained. She made the video in favour of govt. She skipped many points why we farmers are protesting and she tried to focus only on punjab (just like govt).
Still he is blaming farmers that they disregarded such an honest decesion of krishi Qanoon
Tikait ji yeah tho bol do yaar Vote for BJP only...
Awesome but I didn't get that acc.to third one how it will boost farmers income
Pathetic ''apology'' by Modi, he basically says i'm sorry you farmers are too dumb to understand, we know better what's good for you then you would know yourself. 
But Government Not Hear To Amendments in New Farm bills
I would like to understand what the notion is for the 3 laws. Surely not to harm Indian farmers.
You can't kill farmers then hope not to face death sentence. Law is equa for all.
I would also question the premise that the amendment to Farming Produce Trade and Commerce bill will result in minimal benefit to small farmer, who anyways sells outside of AMPC already and does not have the means to sell to different states. This is a fairly conservative view based on current state of technology and business models. This can change immensely with changes to technology and if private players get into distribution and e-commerce style of operations of agricultural products. A good number of low income small farmers do have access to internet and mobiles already.
These  farmers with no formal education make more sense than government's economic advisors. Great content. Please make more such videos
Great to see everyone supports poor farmers. Modi should not kill Indian farmers and their families otherwise someone might try to do something.
The United States subsidizes it's farmers for a variety of reasons. Some of them illogical and some of them logical. I don't know much about India's farming system. I wonder who India is trying to benefit by making these reforms. Increase their stock market prices? Attempt to lower the price of food? Attempt to increase exports? I have no idea and I have more questions than I have answers. But it looks like those local farmers will become more of a part of some big corporation more than anything else if I am hearing this correctly.
We can take inspiration from other countries and try to implement them with some changes. For example - We can see How farmers in U.S.A. sell their produce.
Why don't German govt give same farm law to german farmers as well???? Does this channel understand these farm laws, atleast?
To all the foreign named handlers...  We Indians know that these are not real farmers. Well majority of them! We don't give a damn to your view. Modi govt works for farmers.
80% of Indians dont know what are these farm laws first they should know this
This bill benefits all the states except Punjab, we cannot worry about one state and other states suffer. Showing BBC clips proved nothing, they are a stupid news organization motivated by their support to congress
Shameful act done by farmers at lalkilla
where is Indian flag?, these are khalistani flags... what if other countries also support terrorist organizations?
Or election Jeet liya ha ab bechare kissano par itna atyachar .....Galt baat ha ....maan jao modi ji....
Dhruv...i heard from some farmers who are forced to sell if they enter the APMC... Abhi tak farmers ka benefit sab dealers earn kar rage he... Let the farmers come in open market... Price of food will go high but farmers will benefit.
Prime Minister modi acts like a dictator and does not like democracy,  He do not want to listen to the poor farmers but wants to give business to his friends Ambani and Adani the corporates who helps him to fund elections and manipulate it.  Needs to show compassion and sympathy for farmers who are out in drastic weather for more than 2 months.
More than 80% farmers are illiterate and as well  as  who lives in the area like up,bihar,jh,mp,wb,etc are giving no reaction and bad thing is that they are still 
2nd Protest in one Year in Delhi and this the second time, When protest Turned into Violence just because of BJP.. First protest was against CAA NRC, And now Farmers protest..Narendra Modi is following Hitler's Ideology..
If these jahil rich farmers do not leave our court must intervene and kick them out from our delhi border... Enough ticket pls go and do farming...
So the rogue "farmers"  claimed that they cannot loose the amenities of selling goods to government at MSP , and liberalisation of selling food goods to private and other states can make it unprofitable ( there are 28 states in india some facing droughts and some facing great yield based on climate take this in notes , so the current thing can help the farmer to stabilize hunger ) 
Lastly 5 to 50 is very difference and if we skip this it will be 2 to 80 in future. Here the government both central and state is a mediatory and we the consumer and farmer together help each other to eliminate all middlemen.
2.i think government is also creating monopoly government should maintain  apmc mandis alongwith with private trade
Thank you so much dhruv sir for taking about Indian Farmers.
Even after the Tuticorn massacre of innocent civilians by corporate goons, Jaggi still supported the corporations and went against the interests of people there.
Great job lalantop.... It realy feels like I was there in farmers protest.. Jai javan jai kissan
Farmers don't only live in Punjab and haryana , no one is protesting in north east India or south India 
Also, if you were to look into farmer protests in France, corporatization of the farming is not particularly a great idea. It requires a lot of checks and balances for it work and you are correct here on the how the market is captured.
Safe farmers to modi Saha and Jogi hand
9 months ago, SG declared that Modi Govt has lost the Farm Laws Battle in National Interest edition. Today he proved right and Govt finally accepted it. Der se aaye, durust aaye.
Now poor farmer will be more poor.
I totally support to farmers
Just if some one blocking capital high ways for weeeks that's a serious issue for govt too...was there discussions with govt? How many rounds? Does govt come down to satisfy the farmers? ...there were committees setup..but no conclusion.
#FarmersProtest
But taliban are angry for comparing to rss.taluban is ramrajya
g) The net value of the apex body is the combined value of all farmers of the nation. 
APMC me political parties ke log chairman director s hote hai unki monopoly hogayi ve kisanoko loot rahe hai.
Modi government wins UP elections 
Very Nice Modi ji aapke sath Koi tension Nahin
This is the way they make hardworking people work on as less pay as possible for the rich people. Farmers lose their farming land and forced to use the only skill they know just to survive.
 Not sure how many understand the current farmers suitation in India?
Shocked. This is a cowardly act. A humiliating defeat for development, for sense and sanity, for progress, for India. Narendra Modi joins the Opposition in taking us back decades.
One time you said small farmers can't go to mandi 
1. In first bill middle men can also participate in private mandis
Shame Shame Zee for not respecting farmers
Some ppl have different agendas they want to create a civil war in our India don't support them. The bill have its own flaws but those flaws can be fixed.
should we use modern methods to make framing effect on. let's subside farmers.
Current Mandi system also has huge issues...we keep worrying about farmers situations but don't want to change the old laws. How can that be?
#wesupportfarmers
Make a video for kashmir. Bro we are facing many problems here by bjp and army of India 
Farmers both won and lost!
Big victory of farmer. Rip to those farmers
2019 bank scams reach a record of 77000 crores and ruling party bjp has no idea what happened and media didn't said a small information about it what modi did is for rich people
Matter of regret government bowed before so called farmers
Good presentation!! One nation one market enna oru ashyam nallate alle.... Farmers can use new technology and sell their produce anywhere... Pinne Mandi system is not abolished... If farmer is not getting good price in open market he can bring to mandi and get MSP from govt... Personally i feel its a good thing.
Private players provide machinery and tools, fertilisers and equipments that help farmers in return they get business and customers. 
"Hundreds of thousands" Try Hundreds of Millions (It is estimated that anywhere between 100-135 million Indian farmers protested these laws)
Sir why you didn't mention the current 4.5% commission levied by Mandi agents in punjab and tax levied by state Govt in mandi that these bills sought to remove. That is the main reason for the agitations by mandi owners and middle man.
Is act ke phle v kisan mandi se bahar bech skta tha, please correct
I am sure that after the day Punjab and UP elections will get over, this Kisaan andolan and the politician supporting them will disappear. Innocent farmers are being used by Tiket and other politicians for their political gains, no one cares about Farmer's act.
Treva man!! You are in a hurry to know this subject!! FYI Not even .001 % of farmers are protesting!! This is the real figures!! Stay safe
This is absolutely the worst farmers will be back under the corrupt rule of APMC .
The Farmers Bill is right why they are protesting 
Core reason is in the manifesto that to farmer double income by 2022 which cannot be done without disinvestment. It is clear privatise agri sector give it to corporate n corporate collect foodgrains at double or tripple price whatsoever and give to general public at high prices and pay tax to govt so its a win win situation corporate win govt win farmers somewhat win like rains of winters and middle class or common public losses everything. Remember even rice wheat has become non essential item as per these new laws. There may be uncontrolled inflation.
They do not act for 70 years and when Modi tries to help the farmers N set 3 farm laws which are absolutely beneficial to the more than 85 % of the marginal and poor farmers oppn collude with our enemies to destabilise the country
Election aa raha modi hatao desh bachao 
Govt can only use article 248 when these subjects are not enumerated in state or center list but the subject related to farmer is already mentioned in state list
           Farmers also got trapped in Modi's jumla.  He also got upset in the same way.  The way citizens across the country are troubled in the future.
The term Farm Services has been discussed. It gives an impression that Farm Services are those which are rendered by a farmer to a buyer. 
What a speaker... Salute g... Farmer's
agent doing protests not farmer
Now that this incompetent, inefficient, insensitive BJP leadership has used the repeal of 3 farm laws only with an eye on the elections, can the 700 lives be brought back to life? 
Best wishes to India from South Africa, I support you guys and hope the best for your future.
I love my Punjabi farmers !! God will see you through.
Very clear eye opener. Even many educated people did not have so much in depth understanding of the farm laws, leading to forming a personal partisan opinion. There could have been a smoother way out as you indicated, but the whole issue as I now understand is the compulsions of the Government vs that of the farmers. Any way you did have attention gripped for more than 3 hours and feel much enlightened. Thanks so much. You have become our companion in my old age through your informative videos. Thanks again.
Bjp out from india
Nice U turn! First reported against the farm laws and once they are repealed, reporting about the problem for which the farm laws were brought in. #hypocrites
First farmer unions agree and then they say no...I mean had they read the things which were proposed first or not
Please correct your information, farmers are protesting for cancellation of all three farm bills and not MSP. Total video is on wrong assumption that farmers want any amendment in the law.
Vox thank you for showing this news amazingly ... Most of our media showing it wrongly call farmer's a terrorist .
We suport farmers
So farmers MSP is there not to worry.
Only 6% farmer in India was take a msp benefits
As a woman living in Delhi, I support the farmers' protest. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan !
Respect to all the farmers who have worked hard to get their rights back in this modern era 
these are APMC Agents protesting and not the Farmers.
3.Major defect in this black laws is farmers can't go to court if they got loss from the corporates with this black law
To learn from experience of China and USSR you can never swim against the flow of market forces and win. Thus, promising MSP and also forcing private players to buy at MSP will be a misadventure that is guaranteed to fail. 
This is one of the most under researched and superficial videos I've come across about the Farm laws and farmers. It makes me question the authenticity  of the other videos on this channel.
2. There are MSP on 23 crops , but farmers is getting MSP on only 2 crops ( wheat and rice which 95% of farmers in punjab grow ). Farmers fears that when  private sector will come and they  give more than MSP for 2-3 years and then after that when MSP scene go out of way , they can procure less than MSP as in case of happening today for 21 crops..
These farmers acts(bills) may return after repeal of some provisions
This is the first time you spoke about farm laws modiji. Desh sub dekh raha hai
You will lose in upcoming elections. Go back Modi G.
PM Narendra Modi ji is the best PM of our country. We are lucky that we have a PM like Narendra Modi who always try to make our country developed and progressive  but today we are being deprived of that progress because of the loofahs of power like Congress,Tukde Tukde Gang, AAM aadmi party
Moral of the story middle class,lower middle class and farmers will be suffered by this bill.
No farmers No food 
Don't understand one thing... If farmers, students, and parents are nt happy why we are so helpless. Is there any way to bring revolution????
These laws are repealed because elections are coming in Haryana, punjab, Uttarakhand etc
Btw by the fresh Intels , these laws were taken off due to national security reasons not for votes and election I mean india is country with so many states with thousands of political parties so everyday is election somewhere.
So called university "educated" people and intellectuals need to learn a lesson from farmers. UNITY AND PERSEVERANCE PAYS. If you are united, you can face any difficulty, including the pompous BJP Gov who thought they could roll over the farmers and gift a huge market to their "funding agencies" ... the Adanis and Ambanis of this world. Hey you can all eat crow now!
People protesting are not farmers they are middle man who are buying products from farmers at very low price this bill is necessary for farmers who are actual poor
It is so sad that  wisdom is not descending on the leaders of the nation letting the farmers being pushed into full revolt farmers have all the rights to eat good food wear good clothes enjoy the best life can offer as nothing matches to the hardwork they put in to feed the nation.
These are not Farmers protesting.. these are the middle men losing their share .. also supported by opposition and retired and tired politicians who have now admitted they cant beat Modi democratically are trying their ill luck
Even south Indian farmers are happy with new farm laws
                   4   farmers law
They really wants development of farmers 
what type of bill "Farm bill 2020" was? was it money Bill?
sir u did not talk about 2 year contract in which u can not go to court if there is a problem between farmer and company
Shame on Republic. Shameless reporting.  Show full video of Suv crushing farmers to death first...
Thanks BBC to make it emotional. But Govt. of today is rational, so its not going to happen. I am yet to see any argument point by point against the law, just blind opposition that I don't like so take it back will not cut the ice. Xi is getting it tough, so its not going to be easy for walk and take it from Mr. Modi. he is not Gandhi who discards deserving and favors emotional blackmailers
Govt didn't guarantee MSP in any Law (please read the laws for proof and let me know if you find MSP mentioned in those coz I couldnt) so that Corporates can buy at their own prices.
A website to aware farmers, connect with other famers, and a feature to find right price for thier crop. I am going to make this site. 
update: Today at 12 April 2021, FARMERS ARE STILL PROTESTING! 
People are mad they don't understand anything. Country is not only farmers, they don't pay tax, everything they get is subsidized by tax payers. People buy the stuff and pay for it. Just compare the price of wheat in india and other countries , it is close to same. What for they are arguing . People should read do their research and then give opinion. It is free market Govt can get cheaper produce from other countries why it should be sourced from these farmers.What farmers are saying is rubbish. To run a country we need to buy stuff is foreign currency not in indian rupees and country can't print money . Do not take comments of people who have no knowledge of the stuff. It is not their right to block roads which affect other people. Democracy is sake Military needs to called and use force to get rig off them no sympathy for them.
Entire country is standing with farmers and I think jis chacha na kaha tha ki woh fakir aadmi hai aur jhola leke chal padenge unko jhola utha he lena chahiye..
Someone, please educate me: Why are these protests only happening in northern parts of India? Why are farmers in the south not having such large-scale protests?
I mean what is the problem in here, many countries, including mine, don't guarantee profits or equality for farmers. Although farmers in Morocco come together and build an association in which  they will sell throw collectively with fair prices. Also the government in Morocco is providing land and low rate loans for agricultural equipment and chemical products. On the other hand Morocco own 75% of the world reserve of phosphate. A further vital material to reviving the agricultural lands. Morocco already provide the material to The US, France and some European countries. If India did keep a strong and direct relationship with Morocco, I'm pretty sure India will not suffer as much as this, and will have a larger agricultural production not only Rice and Wheat, they could have more. But India preferred to stab Morocco in the back for so many times, thinking they are serving a hindu cause and winning the UK, US and Israel side. But what they didn't know is Morocco had been always diplomatic and this year UK, US and Israel ties with Morocco are stronger than Indian relations. At the end india is always welcomed in Morocco. What ever they lost over their religious fights with the muslim communities, could be replaced. One more thing, the religion is not playing any role in Morocco, not anymore! Forget about it...
MSP was temporary arrangement just for motivation.......Which is applicable in a market where government is assured that market price will be higher then MSP.....
MSP FOR FARM PRODUCE? THEN WHAT ABOUT MSP FOR EDUCATED BUT UNEMPLOYED PEOPLE? ACTUALLY  THE PRODUCTS WHICH GET ROTTEN EASILY CANNOT BE SOLD AT THE WILL OF THE PRODUCER .So the concept of MSP FOR FARM PRODUCE IS AGAINST ECONOMICS. 
Indian farmers speaking English, no one said ever
The problem in India is that our farmers are hard workers but they really lack the ability to sell there goods,crops in right cost there are some illiterate hard workers who are fooled by Buyers and middleman mostly.
Modi chayi wala country  chala hi nhi sakta..aese anpar log bjp me he jo samj te up also north koriea.
Instead they for no reason throw tear gas and  they blocked the route that they gave to farmers. And were forced to go there. Farmers didnt know March route so that's why they went to red fort. They were following few people in protest but then they found the people who went there planned it to weaken the protest.
Some saying roll back of reform. Some saying surrender to Gundam All the things which the middles class of India wants to live in a make believe world. A class which burns thousand of rupees in buying designers dress, eats ,drinks and makes merry in 5 star hotel but grimaced for paying right price for onions, potatoes  rice and pulses. Two hoots to such peoples. Farmers must get the right price for their products. The rich are getting richer. The numbers of billions rising. The family silvers are being pawned to a chosen few, and we are expected to look other way. May God bless the name sayers. I am not amused.
Punjab farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green Revolution but gradually , massive subsidies , no income tax and MSP, free electricity , wrong entries of Khud Kasht- Actual Tiller status in Revenue records by corrupt Patwaris etc ,.turned these once hard working farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a sort capitalist -absentee land lordship exploitative form of functioning . . New farm laws gave small farmers an opportunity to become independent .
MSP should be made legally binding on private entities..and the range of MSP should be increased alongwith introduction of regional MSP( bcuz the cost of producing a crop varies accordingly in different states which leads to certain farmers getting more price and some getting less price for the same crop due to the common MSP).
BJP will shock after up election results..
But then large farmer can then sell through apmc when private players provide less price of the produce
Shameful movement for countary,sudhir ji please express your condolences to our farmers death
Fake farmers.....assaulting the cops and police.
And why Congress is protesting?? When the bill passed then didn't have a lot of concern but when people come to protest , they realise that we should have protest.. it's a key point for net election...
And the farmers cannot lose their land as under the new law, the land of the farmer can neither be sold, leased or used for any purpose other than those related to agricultural trade activities. 
Can anyone see the windshield broken before it hit the farmers ? There is a hole maybe due to stone 
I think this guy needs to first know the whole story before telling it to others. These farm laws will affect around 6% farmers only. Other farmers are already selling their crops in open market. Water table is Punjab and Haryana is being destroyed by taking wheat and rice crops in excess. Its not just about farmers rights but a big environmental issue that will rise in a decade or two. Government failed to convinced the farmers but thats doesn't mean laws are wrong.
this is only for Punjab and up elections
FOR EVRYONES KIND INFORMATION... NO. HE HAS NO WILL TO NEGOCHIATE. IT HAS TURNED A MATTER OF PRIDE FOR BJP N MODI. EVEN SC IS ANGRY ON THEM AND  IS THRETNING TO PUT A STAY ON PRACTICE OF THE THREE LAW.
If the farmers protests are not political and not religious what was the necessity for allowing them right from the beginning we saw them at the red port mayhem during REPUBLIC day now there was a barbaric murder at Singu now all opposition political parties are silent because it's amply clear that the opposition parties behind this so called farmers protests there may be some innocent people like that person who had been killed by these people when the issue became political if the present government use force to vocate then all the political parties will start blaming the Modi government the media should be responsible and the Honble Supreme court to pass strict orders to vocate these agitators.
2.First two laws are not mandatory it's upto the farmers to decide to sell the products anywhere anytime and to anybody
Rich farmers ' struggle is for preserving their vested interests
BJP government's Focus is on the Election. But its a big day for the poor farmers of India....
I asked which other developmental policy did Modiji introduced which was revolutionary 
If the farmers don't need these law, why the government is forcing it. Clear as day for personal benifits
Our farmers are the true heroes! More power to them 
he is saying 15 log shayid hogaye??? wtf there have been 4 farmers who died this guy is fake
Did you see the condition of bihari farmers
Rakesh tikait and many more wins but actual farmers lost 
fight for farmers!
Can experts here tell me point wise the benefits of these laws for farmers and also address the apprehensions of the farmers regarding these laws ???????
Similar in other countries. Seems like farmers are a union in the previous system. Perhaps subsidies as done is US and Canada is the way to go.... all unions eventually break or eat the system they feed off of.
15. Oh... forgot to mention the compulsory "tax" the farmers have to pay if they manage to get their produce to the Mandi.
This is not any farmer's protest as being termed again and again. The government took back the new laws a week ago, there was no reason for this vandalism. These people are unemployed masses in Punjab hired by various vested interests including middlemen, political parties, etc..
Farmers have right to protest... Sing is King....support from Kerala.... Jai javan jai kisan.....
Best analysis. All Indian citizens should watch this video even all farmers in India including people who are agitating
#standwithfarmers 
Finally, something worth watching. This is fantastic work, and I think I got an idea of what the farm bill is trying to solve.
Most of my Sikh friends recently said if we fight and die for this country we are patriots but as soon as we start asking for our rights we are khalistanis and anti nationals.Its a disaster that farmers are treated like garbage in this country. Off course Modi has prepared the ground to hate farmers especially if they belong to minority. M so ashamed to call this country as mine after godi media and BJP IT cell portrayed these Sikh farmers as khalistanis and terrorists. And m sure every Sikh is hurting by this narrative. If sikhs now dont want jo join army to protect this country then I wouldnt judge them and they have every right to be angry and pissed.even I dont feel that this is the same country I would die for.
India is not an agricultural country anymore. This is the only nation in the established World where Farmers gets subsidiaries in huge Amount and also the loans are always gets in NPA because they never get paid off by farmers.
Just wait n watch...soon we will see the true colour of so called protesting farmers...
Thank you so much for supporting farmers
simple u didnt mention how will farmer of manali sale apples in Maharashtra ? they wont lease truck its expensive from manali to maharashtra and if no one buys the stock then again u can imagine wht will happen
@amitsengupta sir, if the prices of commodities like onion and potato will rise then how will the farmers benefit? will not the private businessmen benefit?
Govt attitude is deceitful for farmers I salute those peoples who spot farmers
Support Indian formers
In long run The repeal of these three agricultural bills will lead to huge loss to farmers. A day will come when farmers will spit on Tikait.
Only Punjab should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
This guy has no idea . First go and read the Act. Secondly most of these people are either middle men or are paid for this protest ,or are so called liberal gang and also people from communist party . Real farmer like us are already in talks with the govt. I know this because I'm from punjab they were giving rs1000/ day just to participate in this protest. 
Still no one arrested.. wah Modi ji wah
Sir i am not agree . Politics  ki jeet hai aur real chothe kisanon ki har hai. Sir main problem msp ki thi wo ab bani hui hai
After this Move, farmers again became cororpathi 
    bjp   , ready for next INDIAN PM    , our choice THIRUMA or RAHUL, waiting.,US
Everyone is talking about bollywood and kangana but no one will understand farmers problem.
I am with farmer's.    And you?
Yogendra Yadav is such a cheat! He has been kicked out of AAP and apart for anti India channels he has no audience. And he is shouting hoarse over Farm Bills, what a joke!
I stand  with farmers 
And these laws and regulations which is threatening farmers only because they are dependent on people who buy from them and sell.
Congratulations to farmers....
So please pray to save farmers of india
b) Farmers were demanding that in case the government is allowing, new set of farm markets to come up; the state and local government should be given power to oversee their functioning and also regulate them. However, the demand has been ignored.
If the farmers want to suffer, let them. What else? Finally, it is the farmer who lost.
If farmers are going to make money by enhancing the sale price why are they disturbed so much There is more to the way contracts  would be handled Please explain similarly Thanks
Trevor Noah ,I don't know how much you know about India other than what you read by people who have vested interests...but reforms are needed desperately in India and not just in farming but in everything-banking, police, land and the current govt. is doing their best. Let them do it. This requires tremendous political will and we hope they will succeed. Remember that they have been voted in twice. People won't have voted for them had they not been doing something right.
Indian farmer: protests
Not All Indian farmers..
for facilitating fair inter-State and intra-State trade and commerce of scheduled farmers
If companies try to exploit farmers or use legal power, farmers still have choice of mandi or wherever they want to sell.
Indian govt should take action against the interviewee who seem like puppet of khalistani movement. This news must be reported.
To tell the truth, when dhruv has just started his channel, i too watched his vids and i was starting to get influenced by it too. Until he uploaded a vid critisicing modi for traveling. I thought nhe woud use some logic to show that it was wrong but all he did was to just insult him. but i knew the importance of those travels. India had very bad international connections and relations. And the travels did showed favour in long term. After pulwama attack, most of the nations were on our side, when china attacked, US and France were clearly on our side and also on lot of different occasions.then i relised that he have some political interests and he is not here to just show facts.
You are saying that so many farmers taking their lives due to huge debt, first let me clear the figure for you. 1, yes deaths are happening but less that a percentage are from Punjab-Haryana from where farmers are protesting. Actual suicides happen in drought ridden states like Maharashtra & Telangana. 2, Farmers in Punjab & Haryana get all the benefits of government procurement and it is the most irrigated part of the country also region of one of the wealthiest farmers in India. The real misery is of farmers from Bihar, Central India & other states who dont get benefits Govt schemes & caught in the spiral middleman & debt. 
Just to recollect, ter were farmers from south, not in this big number protested for months at delhi, jantar mantar..... naked protest, rat eating protest with no violence..... PM n govt did not have tym even to meet them... now its number game..... bigger d farmer number... protest is big n impacting d city.......
Compared with other Products So they decided to fix that Product every Farmer try to Seedling that Product-A
Wow Makes me  the Indian culture/spirit even more! Just look at "private sector in Western nations" You'll  *what private sector does to farmers* FIGHT THE GLOBALISTS
b. While you farmers may be honest, hardworking etc. etc., so are many other types of workers (e.g. traders, small business owners, labourers etc.). Why should only you be getting differentiated treatment at the cost of everybody else?
U give up MRP farmers give up their MSP
big  salute to the farmers.
I still dont know what this is all about other than farmers are protesting. Yes, questions were asked but no answers were given. Heres some advice: 1. Ask the right questions and 2. Persist with the questions until it is understood and you get an answer. This is painfully poor journalism by the BBC.
Tikait is a fool who is an agent of political parties...he does not even knw a word of what is written in the so called anti farmer laws...
I Am feeling so sad for the small farmers who work day and night and will now get nothing 
With farmers 
I am farmer,,, farmer's son  proud of myself
PS- Did Greta knew stubble burning by farmers of Punjab and Haryana (who are protesting) despite govt. insistence  not to do so , is one of the major cause of pollution in Delhi (2nd worst air quality index in whole world).
To put it in nutshell, modi govt want small farmers to become labourers who ll work at low wages ....wah re wah 
Why only farmers in Punjab are doing protest?
What about, 700 farmers sacrifice
All the more the farmers create more air pollution by burning the stubble every year why dont these educated
Question is , is this really a pan indian protest. Or a Punjabi protest at the behest of the congis.
Indian farmers are very rigid and Don't want to change. Without crop rotation we all are doomed
This is exactly how the CCP started, oppressive  policies exploiting bottom society in a workers and farmers predominated country, eventually it reaches a point where anger completely takes over and something really bad will happen. I hope Modi do something, or else this will not end up well... Dont ever underestimate the power of the poor, they dont have the money doesnt mean they dont have the power to overthrow the government. Good luck India.
Another name pops up with Ankit Das in farmers killing at Lakhimpur Kheri is  Mohammed Lateef. Is Lateef a famour history sheeter from UP? Was Latif driving the SUV Mahendra Scarpio the 3rd car behind the Thar and Fortuner?
1. Why is it that farmers from states other than Punjab is not participating in these protests? Because these protests are organised by intermediaries/middle men who stand to lose the most if farmers get direct access to the market.
I support farmers .
1. MSP procurement by government benefits only the states of Punjab and Haryana. Government wants to open more avenue of sale purchase and discontinue MSP procurement since it's huge burden on economy and favouring only few states. Also crops being procured by government on MSP is through revenue generated by government from taxes of various kinds and the crops are not fully sold/consumed by the government.
Only farmers king wanted bjp
It's very sad about the farmers plight, but PM is adamant seems he does not listen to any one, does what he does best, only diverts issues all the time.
Open challenge to have a live public debate between BJP and  Farmers. No lawyers needed.  Does BJP have the guts?
Thank you brother for supporting  farmers 
Deregulation and open market strategies in India have mostly benefitted stakeholders - biggest example being 1991. Farmers who produce crops other than rice & wheat are likely to benefit from this more because an open market would give them more competitive pricing. With mandis it's easy for politicians to collude with wholesalers. In my experience in India, you'd rather do business with corporates than politicians.
If this bill is passed. Adani and another big player will make big storage units to control prices. In the long run because of the removal of JAMAKHORI ACT the prices of grain will increase a lot and normal people will suffer and the poor even more. So its not just a bad thing for wheat and rice farmers, is it bad for everyone, other than few billionaires
i hope this farmers get justice 
As a Delhite I support farmers. Fact govt tried stopping them to protest raise concerns. Our Republic ll be dead If they keep stripping off civil liberties
The world is ignoring genocide against khalistan
Appreciate your coverage, Please keep covering and supporting farmers protest
LOOKS LIKE SOME ARECOMPLETELY IGNORENT ABOUT THE FARMERS ISSUE AND THE THREE BILLS..I REQUEST PEOPLE TO GO THRU THE BILLS.....ITS ABOUT FEW DEMANDS ...THESE DEBILLS CANT BE ACCEPTED.I STAND BY FARMERS.
India  will see the power of modi in 2024 special congress 
Cutting middleman is good for farmers, leaving them without subsidies is good for the country, they should not be spending money that could be use to invest in some other industry that payoff. Sorry for the farmers but they will have fo change what they are producing and how they are producing  it. Same problem in mexico with subsidized farmers while the rest are working to produce something of value.
Please come forward on the dias of farmers and explain your understanding to them and satisfy
Farmers bill cancelled hone k losses 
Wow very well explained sir.. how other countries have their farm bills ??
As a literate farmer and going through the depths of these bills. I can surly say that these bills will only benefits the big corporates not farmer.
#nofarmernofoodnofuture
Mam I am your big fan .... But you have explained it just Theoreticaly...... You don't have information about ground reality of farmers.....
You have done good research but not sure why you left out the cases against India in WTO for giving MSP to our farmers. Countries like Canada and USA take us to court for these MSP, interestingly many politicians from these countries were first to support these fake farmer protests. MSP is not as easy as it sounds.
Very soon bjp will portray how d farmers' plight during d ongoing protests melted modi's heart and he is for farmers...it cell will call modi d messiah of farmers with various hashtags and as usual, common man/woman will fall for it...
4. Now on why mostly farmers of Punjab n Haryana are protesting is because these two states have the best n functional Mandi system in the country n MSP on many farm products in real sense. For instance, for one quintal of wheat in Punjab farmers get around 1500 to 1600 where as the same thing in Bihar farmer have to sell it for  800 to 900. No wonder why farmers from mostly these two states are protesting. In India government have define MSP on many food items but there is no binding law to support the same nor implemented as every states have there own system. Now that is one of the demand of the protesting farmer, a law on MSP.
Farmers want losses
#StandWithFarmers
Farmers always keep their sign as a l King of lions.
Protesting against govt. in India is supported by international media and EU countries.
Will implementation of MSP raise the prices of food commodities in the market?
Wow, Salute the Great Farmer, Succeeded their Good Attempts.
Today farmers win and BJP government loose
2nd contract farming me agar rate up ho to company le leti hai aur rate agar fixed price se kam ho to tumhare product ki quality thik nhi ye bata kr company wale maal nhi lete chutiya banate hai 
Election -Jeevi Sarkar, sirf election ki bhasha samajta hai 
those who really wants to know what farm bill is all about,go & watch drishti IAS video over farm bill ,because it is not that easy that u covered everything  in    just  15 min. and this dude digest  first 4 min in doing bakchodi only!! it means he explain whole farm bill in less than 10 min ..wow DUDE
1.and 2 bills chooshanam anu ennu thonnunnila sharique bhai. Farmers have option to sell in any market either open or apmc. But 3rd bill enthinavo entho...
people who were controlling the farmers can see that they are losing their game/ profits. 
Our issue is not with what farmers get freebies for . Our simple demands are that Physically Handicapped Punjabis also get Free electricity may be only for their work places / factories only . And Physically Handicapped Indians ' income is , also ,exempted from payment of Income Tax .
Every plan or act has two sides one is positive and other is negative. This act has also some negative points like no judicial review , no regulation for consumers but apart from this it is the best reform taken by govt. That can connect farmers with the outside market. The taking away of this act means that farmers have lost a opportunity to earn a huge profit which is their right and i am telling all these things by studing all the farms act  and circumstances of this act. Not just like Dhruv bhaiya who is showing only one side and not the other side of farm bills
About MSP.. Its not as simple as make it sound. If you look at the supply chain of the produce bought at MSP, its mainly by purchased for PDS (public distribution scheme) and for maintaining adequate levels of storage in case future threat to food security. Right now the MSP is uncompetitive in open market, meaning, the excess grains cannot be sold as it would be way cheaper to import the same, leading to wastage of the stored produce hence causing huge losses to exchequer. If MSP is set to international prices, then there is no ROI for the farmer for few of the grains, making it difficult for ensure food security (in case of war or any other calamity were to strike then import supply chains will be at risk.)
There are many farmers who are educated more than u
God bless modi sir. Long leave modi sir and long leave India
These farmers are making a religious issue of something to do with the income. They held a religious flag on a symbolic position of power. Just proves that their intentions are not economic but some sort of politico religious act.
The repealed laws did nothing to the subsidies, but allowed farmers to diversify their crops because they could then sell to buyers other than the govt if they wanted. The repeal of the new laws essentially kept the existing system which drives thousands to suicide, apart from the cancers and other ailments that the practices cause.
IF IF IF farmers were paid the FAIR value of their crops, they would then be able to reinvest in their farms, educate their children, and provide healthcare for their children.
Thank u! Im am Punjabi, we are doing religion project of India this is perfect for me
I am a farmer from Rajasthan and i support govt  . Farm laws .
According to scheme of PM Kisan yearly 6000 rupees (in Karnataka +4000) given by government is one of the best yojana for farmers.  These bills have more positive things then negative. You are telling some of positive..one suggestion for u druva -you are becoming day by day leftist.i like you work bcs of your work only explain the truth facts & reality of incident... (I hate Rajuv Kumar -ndtv fully leftist.also Sudhir  Chaudhary-zee fully rightist. They are not doing their jobs they are doing there nan of business)........ Is MI right!.
Punjab has less than 10% of Indias farmers. Where are the other farmers in this video??
The loophole s needs to be more eloborate & the point of selling appple by Himachal Pradesh farmers are looopwhole
This is BJP politics. They want to win UP elections. Only solution to vote him out from power.
_Government brings reform laws to increase farmers income_
Childrens are  reluctant to take bitter pill but ultimately it cures them of disease.... similarly naive farmers seems to be misguided to take the pills of reform....looks they would continue to live in poverty and mercy of middle man 
Now another victory for farmers 
power to the farmers, may their mission end in success
Long live the farmers!!
Why government is not listening farmers..your video is mostly right but you are little bit biased toward government
I think farmers also have their own mind so let them use it in their own work and you use it in yours...but wisely
But won't reverting to organic farming bring the same problems the green revolution averted? less rice and wheat(staple foods) for the rest of India? how will India then feed itself?
Nice presentation on APMC TAXATION but mam kya protest sirf Punjab ke kisan ker rhe no body else ....gujrat ke pass apne source hai taxes ke ,MH ke pass apne ....Punjab ke pass or kya hai fertile  land ke sivaye .....I believe ki gov APMC ki condition sudhare mai kaam kre to wo in reforms se jyada better hoga
Third, farmers can sell their produce in or outside the state wherever they wish before this bill also
Now everbody sitting in their cosy homes, are advising farmers how they should've showed more patience!!
dude, you made few mistakes. where will the cases of the dispute be handled? the last bill explained wrong, the second bill you have no clue Apmc works and private players can destroy APMC to create a monopoly and forget about essential commodities that could be hoarded everything else will get expensive too. Good attempt though
And also gives me knowledge about the 2020 act for farmers and the individual entrepreneurs Wishing you a good luck and looking forward to see more videos 
Also its very incredible to see that the farmers are very welcoming to samdhish! 
Thank you Trevor for helping us raise awareness towards the farmers, without whom India today won't survive.
First of what people need to understand is that MSP is also not helping the farmers , by this i mean that the Government should give the MSP according to the swami nathan report which was promised by our PM in 2014. Thats the real MSP. People who say that farmers are demanding just MSP oh no they are not , they the demanding the Real MSP ( based on the swami Nathan report ) . Go watch America and the western countries the farming is dead , because they brought corporation companies in the farming.
Farmers should note  pamc have no role in fixing prices only demand supply rules the price then competition among buyers traders proper grading secret tender system to buy will solve few problems
Govt must understand the farmers are already under huge debt and uncertainty on MSP only adds to distrust among them.
We did small mandi in Pune to support our local farmer association. We can do it well in our level.. why can't government enforce. Farmers are human too. I feel sorry for them. Yes , aam admi can help in this way.
Sir you are the voice of millions of students and poor farmer
That is an abject surrender and shameful.  Didn't expect this from Modi, India is not just Punjab and Haryana. India has no future
Hats off to 700 farmers who lost their lives fighting 3 discriminatory fram laws made by BJP govt
Loss to real farmers!
3. Why having APMC since 1965 still ensures only 6% of farmers are getting MSP??
Welcome to new India. Not just you mam, 1 billion people have their own questions to ask the PM.... But he don't want to hear us.
Now, read (youll get in the history books of our freedom struggle) why, Gandhi revolted at Champaran in 1915-16 against similar laws where farmers were forced by British to do Indigo cultivation.
What about making the selling price to consumer and Msp interlinked at the backend and monitored by government. And only digital payment allowed to pay farmers for  transparency in the transactions
Its called pressure....good on farmers...
For items like Rice I cannot sell outside the Mandi by law. I cannot sell to another district leave aside another state even when the price is much higher.
Thank you for these wonderful inputs. Please make a video on those other Acts that are detrimental to the farmers.
Farmers get 1950 in apmc what they  are getting without it zero
So why then so many farmers protests? what they fear, it seems to protect them from sharks.
I can't believe i hear that question. Should i go to my chief village house to protest national policy ? Is all British farmer will go to Manchester to protest Westminster national law ?
ammendment that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of
You should join any dalaal news channel..If the government wants the welfare of the farmer, why is the MSP removing..
12. Frauds and cheats who try to avail the schemes or fool the farmers with false hopes.
Companies will provide them so in order to attract more and more farmers....
So folks who voted for BJP, it is a wake up call for you. You hv to defeat them in elections, so you get what is needed for common man..
ig the only solution to this problem is by passing a law which ensures mandi will never stop ...so farmers always have another way out if corporates try to manipulate .
Best Indian PM of all time to me Jawaharlal Nehru and AB Vajpayee, Modi could be among them, or so they thought! The media needs something to change. I hope it, and wish for it. Someday.
We can't say  every youth thinking the same because they are living in big cuty they don't have any idea about farmers life but their are many youths who joined farmers protest because they know what the farmers go through and will go through after imposing these laws.
I support Farmers. Thanks for sharing 
The tragedy of our country is that majority of city youth are unaffected by the ground realities of the country. #SupportFarmers
2. In punjab and haryana Arhthiyas donot get very huge commissions. They get 4%comission here that is for every 1kg rice sold at msp of 18.50 rupees, they get comission of 85paise in which they have to unload the produce, clean it, weigh it, sell it and get the money back to the farmers. Arthiyas earn money here by lending money on a certain interest to the farmers. Thats their main source of income and not the comission from farmers. Rest of the states did not develop and regulate the mandi system like we did and hence farmers get exploited there.
 were funding Farmers Agitation because they have a vested interest in 
Unfortunately the video is not researched throughly. Essentially this is a protest by upper caste jatt and jaats who are holding the country hostage and preventing reforms and progress of other farmers. Their monopoly over the prices and distribution will tumble and thus they are opposing these laws vehemently. 
The so called farmers well wishers have done nothing to ameliorate their plight. Maximum farmers suicide us taking place in Maharashtra, a non-BJP states.
People are watching and getting clarity... Hope people are waking up from the slumber of modi  and yogi bhakti...
You mention former cant sell outside their boundary but its not true.. midle agent csnt purchase / sell outside boundary but farmar can however lack of money they sell nearby,  you mentioned TAX collected by state but you forgot to metion there will be no tax for PVT agent in new bill,  and lot of one sided half truth points you mentioned.
We stand with modi ji u r n true inspiration for all of us....mera Bharat mahan 
Farmers bill out 
100,000 farmers marched peacefully, but the Indian Media ran by Modi did show only the bits and clips where the farmers retaliated when the police started hitting them. 
I knew farmers must win as they are followers of Bagat Singh not savarkar...
I loved the content but government said to the farmers that they are ready to talk about it. And also why did they tear off the national flag on republic day and hoist Khalistani flag. Farmers protests were fine but this is an anti-national act.
The victory of all farmers 
hello sir i want to ask if there comes a system of 'outside APMC' as mentioned in the first act so there comes a loop hole for moneylenders and others to exploit farmers . so the main reason for APMC to exist in first place will be lapsed . So what about it sir ?
Most of us indians are with our farmers... Jai Kisan 
What a shame BJP IS SUPPORTING  THE CRIMINAL WHY IS NOT MAKE THE S.H.M NOT RESIGNING.EVERYONE SHOULD SUPPORT  FOR THE FARMERS
Thank you Ravish Kumar  for standing against false news and propaganda 
Im from Hyderabad and I have immense love and support for the farmers of India and punjabis for their unity, strength and services.
In case of any disbute b/w farmers and trades there is no option for court in this bill.
Manipulative reporting to support BJP 
The current system incentivises bad performance from farmers due to msp and loan write offs.
Election is near that why modi is giving right to our farmers. He played this game to only get farmer vote.
It's really sad... Bjp is making things worse day by day in india
I am support the farmers 
If the company bribes the pradhan then what will happen of the farmers crops?
A Sincere tribute to farmers who lost their lives during agitation against black  farm laws you will be not  forgotten. A salute to the farmers who did not give up, no matter  how hard the path was. And thanks to PM MODI for taking back the farm laws, I appreciate him for this act. But he should have done this long time ago and no wonder he has done this for upcoming elections of Up and Punjab and to get votes. 
 If you see in long run in future i can easily see exploitation of farmers. There will not be any alternative to go. No APMC mandi No MSP. Only option will be the corporates.
Why not covering farmer's protest anymore????
Being an Indian I feel that this video is doing a poor job in presenting opnions from both sides on the coin. I firmly support my Farmer friends but this issue is lot more complex. Do you really think that the largest democracy of the world just randomly decides to change decades old laws! Many key aspects were missing
Love you Phaji  Thanks Support For #farmerprotest #i_stand_with_farmers
Modi ji is leader thinking of winning election, not statesman think for national policy for good .
Contract Farming - Can be done smoothly, you'll get MSP Guaranteed.
It's just Punjabi farmers, which is why you see all the international protesters who are Sikh's, whose home province is Punjab.
Good job Modiji..Do your work in other fields
Total farmers in India 100 million 
how much your govt did for farmers....no govt in this country does anything favorable to farmers....bhaashan dete hain sabhi bas...aapki bhi govt thi 70 saal...tb bhi kuchh nhi hua...gareeb aur gareeb hota jaa rha hai
Beautiful dear nice job god bless you for teaching us new Kisan bill
why dont u show other side of farm bills
I am also a Farmer. I used to sell vegetable in my Childhood and Recently in the month of June I sold about 8 Ton Mangoes (5 Truck) in different states. It is not Illegal But costly due to the Transportation expenditure.
I Support Farmers, 
Government is not respecting farmers and other common people..
Great Respect for Khan sir... Feeling so sad for all Farmers in India.
Ma'am.... I work in a  Market Committee as a GOVT. employee. We implement APMC act. There is no any relation between APMC and MSP. If you go through the APMC act you will not find MSP. Since Independence MSP has no constitutional status.
Desh ka itna bada nuksan karva k you sponsored people are of course very happy. You are talking about modern farming like multilayered farming. Do you at all know how costly this things with respect to initial investment? For that only contract farming where the entire channel right from creditor to consumer has to be made secure. These farm acts were to provide that security to entire channel. Gulf countries and Pakistan as well as China is now turning towards that kind of futuristic farming methods. Our enemies dont want us to walk on that path. When ever they want us to prevent walking on the path of progress they sponsor these kind of protest movements. And or foolish people like you and nonsense selfish and shortsighted political parties get trapped into it.
I feel bad now. As a farmer i know farm bills are very helpfull in south india. I thought farm bills make change in Indian farming sector. But its gone. Us, uk and other big natiions following those kind of farm bills they are good why don't we. Don't be a goat of someone's profits.
This just before tomorrows voting what a coincidence, but ppl will not forget the farmers protest.
Sorry guys i am not any political party supporter but i can clearly see that u guys are ANTI BJP..
No food no farmer.
Dude please get your facts correct, these law are beneficial for farmers, and not beneficial for the middleman. Hence the protest. My brother's are farmers and they are in field working. And after the implementation of these law they are able to make more money and they are also getting msp.. please gets your facts correct.
ALL LOSS POOR FARMERS HAVE TO BEAR. IT IS PITY FOR POOR FARMERS.MODI SHOULD TAKE CARE OF POOR FARMERS.
The Punjabi farmers themselves do not consume this 3rd rate product and actually eat crops produced in UP etc .
Plz protest farmer and his farm 
If middle men were not looting the farmers then why did rahul gandhi want to take middle men out
Spiders trapped into its own webs. Will start blaming each others, specially when Khalistanis and Pakistanis will ask for the money which they spent on them.
FARMERS MUST THANKS TO NDTV
Happy that india farmers won the match 
Lol this is so dumb. Let people buy and sell their produce at whatever price they want and to who ever they want. The government is in the right here. Farmers should be competing with one another on price and produce.
Already 60 farmers died .
Hands off dude for the explaining this but i do have question for you as you have told that MSP should be in LAW. But the Fact is that according to WTO it is highly priced in India so we are not able to legalize it even if the govt. want it ... So coming back to qus. what can we do in this stand still situation...?
election aate he u-turn, wah modi ji wah.....kya scene hai...
Why most of the protestors are from the states of Punjab and Haryana? Why not from other states? Fact is most of them are Middle men/Comission agents whose future is threatened by these laws. This is more true in Punjab & Haryana. 
Jai Hind. It is the time to take strict action on tikaith.He is mingle with opposition party and with khalistani.
Hey brother 5% rich farmers can't control the future of our...I am Also farmer... you should know that those 5% have lots of Money
3. You say that farmers won't benefit as much as consumers... but in free market economy an equilibrium is achieved by demand and supply. Thus why would a farmer go directly to a retailer if he is happy to get MSP.. he can go to the APMC for that...he will go to the retailer to get a good deal. A retailer too will also give him a better rate than MSP as they too have avoided the middle man and will still get a higher margin..
You forgot to mention that a lot of these agricultural laws on farmers were left behind by the iron fist  control of the British Raj which was more interested in feeding Greek and British soldiers in WWII than the Indian population  - see the manufactured Holocaust famine in Bengal thanks to Churchill.
Bro iam 12 y.o and my father is a farmer , iam very scared
These all are not actually farmers..and most are rich people, their kids are settled abroad. One guy died on 26th Jan in tractor accident as he was overspeeding and doing stunts , he was a Australia citizen. + They are getting funding from Canada and other Khalistan groups
Watch  Vikas diyvakirti Sir's analysis on farm bills
Modi is wrong to go back on reform and repeal the 3 farm laws... 
Existing is not creating monopoly flawed analysis Madam. The new farm bill has possibility of monopoly cuz the one who can invest more becomes a monopoly just like phone network.
congrats to all the farmers .. now they can go back to doing things the old way !! kisan mazdoor ekta zindabaad .. thank god this tyranny is over.. now farmers will become rich and prosperous as the laws have been repealed and we have gone back to doing things the old way !!
On last Saturday yogi Adityanath and amit shah came to hyderabad and conducted huge rallies for GHMC elections. Where were the covid protocols then?
But the govt clarified that msp won't be affected so irrespective of the farmers cultivation cost he is still eligible for msp even outside the state
Protests farmers right
3.last one if farmers are suffering from middle man then why they are protesting 
Ppl should explan farmers ...which is good for farmers...
Delhi people also sport the farmers this is only one sector not in loss they always  battle performance then why need new lows
There are few things that you could have explained as well like what impact these bills will have in future, an example of similar thing happened in past, why this approach failed in western countries, and how Bihar is doing now since they have implemented these laws in past. I am not a farmer and not biased either but see the long term impact of these bills on them clearly)
This is absolute nonsense. The three farm reforms were being recommended by agri experts for decades. The mandi system has failed to improve the income level of indian farmers and the govt has done maximum already. Private investment and new mandis are a necessity. Please do not give one sided perspective about things you do not understand at all.
Farmers had some doubts regarding farm bills and BJP government held talks with farm unions like akali dal etc. And BJP government ensured that farmers will be protected against corporates. 
Modi's arrogance, ego and stupidity will lead to his downfall given the unequivocal resolve of the heroic farmers to stay even 4 years if need be or until the draconian new farm laws are withdrawn in full.                                                                                                     His decision to corporatize farming is his biggest political mistake. He has misjudged and underestimated the resolve of the farmers , typical of an ignoramus acting to be wise and hence doesn't relent.                                                                                     The 58% farmer  population is a huge vote bank that can very easily  vote him out of power in the national election in 2024. With these laws passed mainly for his 2 industrialist cronies/ business fronts of Modi will eventually corner the majority of the countries crops forcibly at low rates thereby enslaving the farmer forcing them to sell/lease their land to these  businesses after breaking their backs financially ushering in large scale commercial farming where they will be forced to work for a living.                                                                                                                                                                                         These companies have 2 years ago in utter secrecy started to build gigantic granaries and also laid railway lines near farming communities for access and cheaper transport well  before these laws  were passed which obviously means they were privy to the information
If MSPs determined by the government and enforced by a law is higher than the prevailing rates at the international market, the agriculture produce from India will become costlier
These are lions of Punjab my full support to them ,keep going .
This is going to be very bad. Opposition only weapon of farm laws is non-existing now ,Now eletion will be simply fought on Hindu-muslim issue. Now nobody is going to incentivise farmers of Punjab to shift from paddy to different crops . Procurement will shift from punjab to different states .
American state needs Modi ji against Chinese aggression .... 
I think the Farmers are being misguided.
Kisan wants rights too decide msp not to get exploited by msp.
Jai hind jai bharat  farmers Power 
KNOW THE FACTS : The minimum support price(MSP) is not going away, the guys protesting are middle men who have made a killing by buying low from farmers and selling it high at the mandi. The only option the farmers had was to only sell at the mandi .... now with the government is providing other options to sell in the open market or the mandi whichever they prefer thus giving the farmers multiple options. The only ones who are gonna loose out in the process is the middle men ..... not to mention the protest also has a political link. Just saying 
UP election farmer bhaiya UP election 
Why the police block the road. Farmer have the permission to flag on red fort
After, Farm bill is withdrawn:)))
Shame on BJP. LONG LIVE THE FARMERS WHO FEED THE MILLIONS. 56" chest and 3" in the pants.
Hindu Rashtrawad, Sanatan Dharma , Khalistan and government support are things.
I support farmers... But they change India flag to orange flag.. I totally disagree with that
Modi works for the welfare of the farmers.
U also failed to explain the main fear of farmers that APMCs are going to shut. Is it so ? How many states have functional APMCs?
Someone said the world  go on  without middle and upper-class people but not without farmers!
Farmers -> wants the mandis to stay alive
MODIa aka godi media needs to learn some decency & ethics from Abhi & Niyu.
its really interesting the words they chose to use : - " our intention with this law was to help poor farmers but some particular section couldnt understand our intentions . Since it is a democracy we after thinking further about the long term adverse effects of such protest we repeal the farm laws " .
Thank you Trevor for speaking on this. Standing with the farmers!
Yes it is . But the reason is something different ----upcomming election in two major state i.e. Punjab and Uttar Pradesh. 
They won to keep the farmers and theie lives like same as 70 years they are living
They won't even leave farmers, until they bring farming sector to ground like gdp, automobile, politics
Unless it's an emergency like war or natural disaster, the commodities can be hoarded and create an artificial demand to help monopoly corporates ?? I think, the farmers are smart, that's why they're fighting for their better future. Farming sector is heavily dependent on climate conditions and environment. They know it.
Sad day for Indian politics. Didn't elect BJP for such spineless decisions. CAA then and Farm laws now, some protesters shouldn't dictate some bills.
Shameful that #KisanTractorTally didn't remain peaceful!
We stand with farmers
The thing is that still the mandis are not in reach of farmers.
The only reason to dismiss those laws are upcoming elections.  They might bring them back again . "Jis desh ka kisan 1 sal se sadak par hai us desh mai democracy ki bat krna Ek mjaak hai."
don't help farmers in future.
Thank you for your presentation on the Repeal of the Farm Laws and the present problems farmers face. Central government should facilitate extension studies and training for farmers so that they can learn about the items you have covered in this presentation. Central and local governments should create avenues where the farmers can sell their products locally for appropriate price. This will give the consumers the opportunity to avail fresh farm products and the farmers will get fair price for their products. The government should also make funding and technology available to the farmers at all levels so that they can have access to appropriate climate controlled storage. Young people should also step in to social entrepreneurial roles to solve these problems for the farmers.
Farmers are  BIOS of lifebeing system ..
Canadiens supported during farmers protest,  now truckers in Canada getting hard time because of covid ruling by government.
Very insightful video on Farm bill explaining different perspectives!!!
In addition...farmers must pay taxes sas of every body else. Contry runs on taxes.
Farmers hai to hum hai
Hey !... Tool of greta's toolkit yaah you trevor noah ... Just tell me if they are so right why did they did violence on 26 january ... And stop lying those farmers are those who have a greater chunk of land ...stoppp this man you are just giving a biased opinion
Sir plz make one video where contract farming has been very successful not for agri company but truly for farmers - agri companies are growing like anything in terms of their profit but important is data for farmers. 
Nonsense.... Kishan k naam pe log ki mob leaching kardena.... Ese murderers Kishan ha to unhe bhi jail hone chahiye... And shame on people jo Kishan k naam par unhe har galat kaam ko support karte hai
its realy bed for lower farmer
I dont Know 1 saal se Kissan protest kr rhe hain.....Phir Farming kaun kar rha hai....Rice Wheat kahan se aa rhe hain...inki price kyu nhi Inrease kr rhi hai....its easy to be in European country and Gyan dena...i belong to village and i know everything....so no need of your 5 star Opinion.
This is the Best lecture on Farm bills.Very well explained sir.Thank U Dristi.
modi is the worst thing that happened to India
Singh is King  love farmers
Most probably that 755 dislikes are from bjp supporters 
Think if Modi is in favour of Farmers then in future who will be.... in past who was .....in present who is.
Corruption took a big place in India. Money is everything for those who are not with farmers
Repeal laws doest mean that the laws are abolished! The laws can be turned back into action post Punjab and UP elections; its all about "vote bank".
Go Indian farmers!!Eliminate the racial class for your human rights!!
Lol, there are clip showing farmers pelting stone and hitting people with stick
1. MSP, 6%  farmers population kittunnullu paranju, pinne athinte basil ee billine opposite cheyyunnthil no point
What if during the contract farming the farmers somehow fail to supply the crop due to uncertainties (how will the farmer be protected then)
HE IS SPREADING FULLY FAKE NEWS DONT TRUST HIM         HE IS FUNDED I CAN ASSURE   I AM NOT A BJP SUPPORTER OR BHAKT  BUT I KNOW MY FATHER IS A FARMER TOO IN   ANANDPUR SAHIB PUNJAB   
Well I came to see what's the genuine faults with new farm bills 
Can't u see how anti-farmer protests our mainstream media and government is. If your bill is really so good, can't u just explain it to farmers? water cannons, barricades, tear gas, lathi charge and continuous fake news on social media shows what this bill is.
Only one question bro ...do govt. Now providing msp for farmers in case of private companies or not.
2. Contract farming is a problem if there is a regulated authority then also corporate can easily influence them so this is not an issue only solution is farmers or their children should increase their knowledge 
Politics over nation. UP & Punjab elections aane wala, aur Modi ka fatt gya. #ShameOnModi
Didn't have an idea of farm bill and why farmers were protesting. Very informative and worth spending the 30 mins. Keep on making such unbiased and informative videos. Thanks Sharique
Langar is served by the  Grace of Guru Nanak Saab jee. These Farmers are working hard for you, they put food  in your household. But you have been never Thankful to Hardworking Manhood. People go to the Fields, start working for 8 Hours, tomarrow, you will be sitting in Bed.
   Or.     2.Those 96%poor farmers who cannot afford to sell their product even in their neighbour district.
there could, possibly be no great example of ignorance and blindly followers like farmers protests, no farmer is able to single out, whats wrong in the new laws. The Protests was just a picnic spots, with freebies with hidden agenda, by some fearful farmers.The greatness of teh government was to revoke these laws. FArmers should not be any illusions that government revoked  the laws under the pressures of protesters but it was a master stroke to shut the picnic spots and some so called farmer leaders leadership. Country suffered a huge loss, what farmer lost of their own,?nothing but damaged country's wealth. It is matter of pity that there is a no subsituties of education.
Thank you dhurv for sporting us,  ~ farmer daughter
Turn Indian farmers and their workers into soldiers instead. Create private armies. The task of the soldiers should be to guarantee a peaceful world and to guarantee democratic norms and values world over. Let the markets decide what happens to the farms.
He said give 2 options about of 101 solutions. Salute this Farmer.
Modiji in parallel world :Sab changa si 
When there are issues regarding economy then rural consumption have come to the rescue of our economy. Whether Govt were aware of this fact when Farmer Bills ordinance were introduced ?
Now, The recent talks has made some changes in bills. Government has made it clear that MSP will be provided in written. The problem is with taking the knowledge till farmers and make them understand. In 2019, Many opposition and farmer groups protested to implement this act. The best way to analyze this act is by implementing it for a year. This should be studied as a case study after implementation but not on assumptions
Even Farmers Union is saying there are anti social elements we are not with them - it is ONLY BBC who calls these bugs are Farmers..
I appreciate your effort that you talk about farmer protest when no other influener talk about them...
He is wrong at 8.50, even b4 the bill farmers can store (traders cannot store ). But not in my knowledge any farmer wants to play the waiting game except for giant players in farming. All small farmers have taken loan from unorganized sector . farmers wont even wait for one day once the harvest is ready. they keep on expecting for some demand hike so that they can export the goods at a good rate (govt will just strike down export rights with one sign when prices sky rocket ). For all the excited minds, govt have clearly said they will continue to screw farmers by striking exports when onion prices skyrocket. If onion trades at 100-150 , BJP can forget elections.  SO AS FAR AS FARMERS ARE CONCERNED STORING HARVEST WITH AN EXPECTATION IS A BLUNDER .
*Punjab is not the only state which has farmland and farmers.*
Fight for the Indian farmers stay strong we will fight with you this is my word from west virginia
1. Bills are good and important for farmers.
But farmer's concern is right 
guaranteed price, including bonus or premium, to ensure best value to the farmer and
Very nice explained.  The bill is not good for farmers
Chalo ab farmers khush hoge..
The death/harassment of farmers & workers  due to protesting against Agro black laws and the behavior of NDA Rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of NDA SARKAR.
Repealing these are more of a political move than the concern shown by the government towards farmers.
Remember 120 million farmers in India .
There is no bilateral discussion. Are the farmers there with arms  It's a democratic right to protest.
The farm laws would have never removed the MSP. 700 people did not die in police action as vice would lead you to believe. The farm laws is the only way for farmers to cut out the middleman, get out of debt, increase profits and switch to a sustainable farming practice. Just putting it out there because Vice obviously chose not to.
When the companies start hoarding a product (say onion or potato), they'll have a negotiation power. Say, next time, they'll tell the farmers that they'll not buy the product with same price as in previous year, as they already have excess stock. So, in such cases, farmers also will not be benifited.
Sir I never had the exposure or dream to become an IPS because I grew up in an environment where we only discussed Punjab and Khalistan. But today at age 45, i feel my life has totally been transformed and I owe you a lot. I feel not only educated but confident in most current affairs.  Love from Canada
sorry I am from Australia so trying to understand, most farms in India are very small between 5 and 10 acres, are farmer afraid that they will lose the minimum support price, there for they will eventually need to sell their land. Large companies start to buy farms on mass and effectively destroy farming communities ? But would I be wrong in saying that a  solution might be to form co operatives in the local farming communities to create a stronger bargaining position ?
First thing you mentioned was that small farmers cannot even go to their nearest mandi's because of transportation cost and then you say that they can sell Himachal's Apple in Maharashtra. How???
The simple changes brought by this bills are there is another market available besides Mandis.
Myself I am Commerce Graduate & also from PEASANT Family,but since 4 years i have been Trying to Get APMC TRADER LICENSE yet i DIDN'T get it cause...i am not FAVOUR to APMC DIRECTOR'S ,CHAIRMAN'S , MONEY LENDER'S, SYNDICATE BUSINESS TYPE &  POLITICAL PARTIES.... yes! I am from  Andhrapradesh my state Government is doing UNFAVORABLE things to FARMER'S by INDIRECTLY supporting to SYNDICATE BUSINESS in all ASPECTS... There has to be Deadline for Giving Cental Funding to Poor States at Certain Point?..... Punjab,Rajasthan & Kerela states are  having highest Drugs,Narcotics & Alchol consumption in HINDUSTAN.
First of all, please tell me what were those 3 laws that was Introduced by Govt. of India (NDA), None of you know. If so, then you don't know what to do with it untill you saw them protesting. I have no proof that they were not farmers but do you have a proof that they were farmers. If so then who was growing those fruits, vegetables, food grains and more if all (in majority) of them were at protest. You guys know nothing neither those people who were protesting and Rakesh Tikkait seems to be a politician more than a farmer. This is being done all because of money and money which is paid to them by parties and international groups and these media's have no work instead of spreading poison. They have ruined the lives of people more than making it good. Both the oppostion and the government and involved in this mutually and it's alp there way to rule the country and making the people fool. As i can see, you all are getting too. It's neither a win  of  farmers( so called) nor a defeat of the rulling party (NDA). It's all politics.
Modiji:- Promises to double Farmers income by 2022.
Welldone rakesh tikait, your fight for farmers is successful
Looks like bhakts didn't watch the full video. It clearly explains farmers are RIGHT to protest these laws. Good video sir.
Indian farmers 
Medium, Small and poor farmers should take over leadership from these rich desh ke dushman people mascarading as Kisan.
The farmer cannot determine the price of the crop
govt in laws ko layi hai ta k ambani aur adani jaise log agricultural me v dadagiri kr ske...aur third law me amendment krke unko apni storage units bhrne ki ajadi di gyi hai..fr store krenge demand bhadne pr mehngi chije vechenge.. ye sb practice ho chuki hai rajashthan me..kisano ne mungfli fenki hai sadko pe.. PepsiCo ne jb allu kbridne k contract kiye the punjab me..tb v dekha tha na jb nhi khride the to sdko pe fenke the kisano ne...these systems are already fail in india...
India has the largest agricultural land in the world even larger than US and China. India's farmland is one of the most fertile, inspite, India's agriculture productivity quality profitability is so low and has been declining for decades which pushed experts including economists Agri scientists policymakers entrepreneurs to look for overhaul solutions. The reforms are the solution put forward by these experts advocated by IMF and World Bank. These suggested reforms have been out there for decades but since it costs a lot of political capital, none of the weak Indian govt in the 90's and 2000s dared to do it. A very similar case is the 1991 LPG reforms (read about it, which transformed the Indian economy). finally, this govt decided to chew the bullets, also they have enough political capital to spend, bring in the reforms ..and as expected protests broke in..
If Congress comes to power real farmers will come to streets until then India has to bear this nuisance of paid rogues ..
Loved the unanimity of farmers and thanks to your team for coverage.
It's clear economists belive that these reforms will benifit farmers
Modi supporter good philosopher never talk facts or any written document..bhai kabi tomato bhi ugaua hai,,jo Kisan ko smajne chale ho
All the bill says is, it will provide parallel market to the farmers (a choice). This parallel market already exists in many states of India, as well as in many parts of the world.
2. If there are no traders left in APMCs will the govt be still there to buy the products at MSP?
1. This protest is limited to 1 state of India ie Punjab. Political parties have managed to spread it around delhi but people far from delhi are not interested. 
It was the farmers' honesty and integrity versus the government's lies and dishonesty.
There is a case to be made against the notion that farmers will increase prices when demand increases. In the current APMC situation, APMC has to buy the products. But there is no such binding on the private players. It has so happened in the past that private companies declined to buy from farmers causing their produce to perish.
It's not Kisan's mistake. It's government mistake that they took decisions but don't preach what exactly the bill is. And therefore the Bicholis and opposition took advantage by giving wrong knowledge to the real Kisan. And as we know that Kisan mostly are uneducated, so they came under the influence of wrong people. Still government have a chance, go and teach them what really the act is. 
finally understood why farmers are protesting. could you please explain why did the Govt. pass the bill?
A big salute to our Indian Farmers
" Despite every effort to suppress their movement, they protested with the same tenacity and patience. In the end their non violent non cooperation resulted in the government's surrender" was supposed to be description of freedom fighters in the 40s while Gandhi led them. It also applies to all those farmers that are relentless and succeeded ; this time without a  Gandhi leading them tho 
Such a hilarious scene , ridiculous government .they haven't taken back because of farmers but because of elections
I m disappointed at Modi government for this decision. If the current trend of bowing down from this govt or other govt. continue India will never be a develop nation it will remain as it is for a decade
- there's absolutely no point in it. The govts decision was right and is for the benefit of the farmers and this the bbc wouldn't want you to know.
Respect to father of the  world one&only our farmer
Not one farmers from other states are protesting.
And here is Rehan Khan when all the terrorist organisations of his kaum are given platform at this so called Punjab farmers' protest how and the so called Punjab's farmers are hooting and cheering how can this Jihadi hold back..
The speaker is automatically assuming that gov wants to do good to farmers.
Bjp has failed indian
Kisans did not have problems with farlaw.   they had problems with the injustice with the farm law as how they brought into.  .
Kisans shall not be fooled by this announcement. Its all because of the upcoming elections in Punjab and UP.  Rakesh Tikait must continue the opposition. If BJP wins elections; it will bring these laws back with vengeance, more vigorously...
Akhir Line par le aaye kisaan, lesson now all bills must be debated and not rolled out in dictatorship style
U don't know any of the truth behind these form laws which were regulated to make the farmers life better especially small farmers bt behind the protest there were the farmers of Punjab and contiguous states of Hariyana and some parts of Uttar Pradesh. Basically these farmers are quite rich and don't want to negotiate their income to small farmers of all over the india who is gonna benefit ed by those laws. however,all over the country these laws were welcomed across all the states except these states  mentioned so don't put the one side story   in your news cover and don't try to slur the great india in international media.If it all had to happen (protest) so why it was not countrywide except some handful areas if the farm laws were so oppressive then it had to be protested country wide bt it didn't happen
Tumhe lagta he English me samaj jayege farmer.
No one think about farmers 
2021 taught me that all farmers wear Sikh turban 
Having a democracy means to deal with instance like this, if farmers win then its showcase the power of indian democracy or else it would simply fail...
Why do we have such good mortality against COVID. Is it something done by government? No, it's our food habits. But soon thats all gonna be a dream after contract farming.
I agreed that government should reform the farmer bill. But "               " is not good idea and that's what modi gov. Is doing. No MSP gurantee. Privatisation and unlimited store . Existing law was bad but new law is worst. Thank you
Your heading is wrong. Modi hasn't repealed the laws yet,  he has just announced that he will repeal
The 2nd bill will give the farmers a chance to sell outside mandis but this doesn't necessarily mean that the govt. will try to get out of the agriculture business. You can definitely sell in mandis too. You will just have both the options. Which is a pretty good deal for the farmers.
So what did farmers want? If the farmers move out of mandis on their own due to this law, then why? Why would they move out? And with 60 years of govt backing the farmers are still struggling. Sorry, but this video doesnt explain why the govt is doing what its doing. Allegations and imagining stuff doesnt mean journalism!
Me from punjab sad to see  innocent farmers fighting for  artia mafia .....sooner or later farmer get to realise benifit  of bill made by Congress implemented by bjp.....
I feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE  that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Sir Govt. Ne ye wala farm law wapis le liya, that is good.. par abhi jo current wala LAW chal raha hai kya usse farmer khush hai..
Do not call it Rastravaad Kisan Tikait. This should be called Rastra barbad Kisan Tikait the manha goonda.
Heartwarming and Heartbreaking at the same time. Respect Farmers.
Waah ......the reason he gave is awesome....."because we were unable to make some farmers understand farm laws properly.....we take it back.....though it was good".....wtf is this every person has some problem with some law make India law free 
Support farmers.
Please also protest for farmer workers minimum wage up to 20000 per month all hard work done by employees not Rich kidd farmers
I was pained to see VICE news didn't cover the largest peacfull protest happening in the world, when they always bring meaning full journalism to fore but seeing this video fills my heart with gratitude. Thank you for sharing our voice with  the world.I would encourage VICE to cover this from ground zero you will get to see how people from all walks of life are getting together to support each other against the unreasonable regime and most of the national media is running their own political agenda blocking the true voice of the farmers.
UP, Punjab elections changed the stance! What else could be such a delayed response
beautifully covered. hope our farmers get their due rights.  Jai Jawan ai Kisan
I don't see any female farmer protesting. Feminism?
No Modi No congress.. Only Kejriwal
sir ik question h .. apne maharashtra m total transaction btaya APMC ka and private markets ka ki apmc k through 48000 crore ki transaction hui and private market m 11000 Cr ki transaction..  sir ye total transaction h isme ye fact bhi to ho skta h ki APMC jada price offer kr raha h jiski wjah se usme jada amount ki transaction hui and private mandi km price offer kr rahi h to usme km amount ki transaction hui???
it will be the darkest day for Indian farmer and agriculture sector if these three law's are revoked....
opposition nahi chahata ki hamare farmers bhi rich bani
Sounds more like a victory for BJP in elections.
Earlier politicians used to be traitors...and farmers used to be heroes.....after 2014 farmers become traitors and politicians become heroes (saints)...earlier there was a slogan jai jawan jai kisaan"...now a days slogan is jai modi jai yogi" 
Another ridiculous thing is farmers decide what they want to grow. Fair enough! However, problem arises when a lot of farmers try to sell the same thing at the end of the season. Which course drive the market price down and farmers get nothing. In another senario they do not produce a particular crop due to which the market price shoot up.
Yaa modi did reforms by selling air india, trains, airports etc. This person is simply nonsense. Seems modi bakt
But this bill has not mentioned anything about MSP. It is providing farmers a better market. This bill will really help in demolishing middleman.
Modi se Bara India me actor koi nhi Hai 2021 Hai award modi ko Dena chahye or award jooti ho I mean shoes or hona gold ka chaye akhhir pm modi jo hain
Pls support farmers ...
Finally zee news wake up for farmers matters after 2 months
Madam pls look at the condition of farmers in Bihar
India comprises of 40% people in agriculture. If these bills really are bad then BJP is definitely going to lose elections nationwide.
it's first time, when farmers actually knows about the fate of these farmer acts. Farmer is demanding roll back of total paper, but govt is displaying it's firm stand to not to rollback act but ready for changes like a fox . 
As a Delhiite I fully support the voice of farmers and truly salute the peaceful protest despite the fact that they are fighting the cold weather & tough conditions. I again bow to those who sacrificed there priceless lives in this goal.
We stand with Farmer's we stand with Panjab from West Bengal
Great well done  i am with our kisan (No farmer No Food)
So the Government of India is promoting Capitalism, the farmers want Socialism, one year after what I presume a large number of them voted for this government? Not that different than the US where the farmers vote for capitalism but want socialist protections and subsidies for themselves. Crazy that so many people dont understand whats in their own best interest when its election time
I STILL  WANT  GOVT TO TALK  AND SOLVE PROBLEMS  OF FARMERS...
Farmer's Hope and life destroyed
Factual error:-Futures price is based upon the market price of the commodity, it cannot be the other way around.
Trever have no idea how the farming works in India, people who are protesting are not real farmers, they are Mandi commission agents who loots farmers, new laws are going to hit them badly. Force them to earn their bread. I belong to farmers family and I fully support new farm laws.
They aren't supporting BJP, they just not saying anything against them doesn't mean they support bjp and BJP is right
Long Live Farmers
3 BJP workers 1 car driver lynched by so called kisan
Posing as farmers and disrupting life and movement indefinitely is not acceptable nor tolerable
Now there are instances farmers th roughing their entire produce on road due lack of storage facilities/huge storage cost.
Question...same way the farmers organized themselves for the protest why cant they step up as a union when it comes to bargaining the prices outside the regulated markets?
Great explanation. But majority of farmers in india are small farm owners. They have no bargaining power against reliance and the big private players. Before long the private companies will own all the farm land instead of bargaining with small-time farmers.
But, If Govt. is thinking that to give a Parallel Ecosystem to sell the crops directly to Consumers ,will remove the hurdles of Farmer's Life" "IT IS ALSO A JUMLAA" Because selling the crops directly to the Consumers is not possible without the Help of Big Companies ( Big Fishes).
In this case if farmer published ad on any online portal and the purchaser wanted to purchase then the purchaser would go to farmer's site and purchase.
SIDHU MOOSEWALA ALSO SUPPORT BHINDRA WALA HE IS PURE KHALISTANI SUPPORTER USKE GHR ME PHOTO LAGI PADI HAI OR BOLO DOSTO
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are itself anti-farmer and anti-national. Period.
Why aren't farmers from other states, from the south or the east joining in?
Regular farmers were working in fields and gaining the profits. Only 2 states farmers who were funded by Khalistanis and soros (he has invested heavily in Indian Agriculture) protested. 
Will you worry paying a delivery fee for an online order! Similarly,  we farmers are not bothered on broker fees. Majority of farmers are above 45. They are not educated enough to sell online. All they can do is put vegetables in a auto and roam. Imagine the capacity of MNCs- They will acquire agricultural land,  store crops for months to raise price and then sell. They can invest thousands of crores. Wonder why government has not thought on this.
Corporatisation of Agriculture has never helped any farmers but has helped Corporates a lot
For me it's just a PR stunt. Like they did during the Republic Day, call "protestors" from outside to defame the farmer unions.  Mark my words!
I am from Bihar there was no regulation followed for elections against covid during the entire rally and elections
thanks bro for true reporting....thanks for helping farmers..
I'm from Pakistan Punjab. My family has planted wheat and rice for many generations. I think we don't have these issues here because our banking/loan/interest system is weak or not as popular as compared to India's.
The govt. is just giving additional options to the farmers by allowing private sector, an not just limiting them to Mandis.
Politics on name of farmers
leaving things to corporate sector will be the biggest mistake.. that is what farmers are protesting for..  Indian corporate sector is one of the worst in the world.. leave agricultural sector, is there anyone that is happy in any other private sector.. why do then everyone wants a government job..
please please give a try rubika it's not that hard to stand against truth ha bs thodi tankhwa kam milegi sarkar se but kya hojayega you will be proudly call yourself a journalist whose doing her work rightfully.
I think farmer law is for betterment of the nation
The drop in GDP percentage contributed by agriculture doesnt necessarily mean farmers are suffering. It can also mean India is diversifying and improving other industries. Thats a very wrong way to portray the facts.
I think indian farmers should wait atleast 1 year and see the results of new farm law then they should decide whether the law is  helpful or not.
In short..the private market other than APMC regulated market, should also be brought under taxation and MSP should..also be fixed in private market..for farmers
Second law allows private player to get farming done on a contract. Again it's farmers choice to get into contracts or not.
I appreciated your conclusion on this issue.... farmers should be justified.
I don't know who this guy is, but as per his bookshelf he seems to be a very very good scholar, but love to know the reason why he is not able to convince Indian farmers and make them agree about Modi's farmers bill, or why he himself does not change profession, become a farmer and set an example by following Modi's policies and generate high profits.
Finally protest ends and now the real farmers make a move for this 3 amendment laws
Any  nation who is ruled by a government who doesn't show their gratitude and respect to farmers who provide them food, will not flourish in longevity.
Sad life for the farmers who really needed these laws 
Limited selling options is one of the reason farmers are not able to excel economically. 
....everyone know   ....writing need  help farmers first! 
Bjp pagal ho gayi hai...... Another sign after shahen bhag and bengal election..... Shame on Modi.....
I stand with farmers of my Nation
Why police did nothing about modi government, police should up hold law modi is running away from farmers questions there different from police department and modi government who is the criminals here police department or modi government
A couple of years ago, South Indian farmers did same thing, with injustice they suicides eating rat and flooding roads with many naked farmers.
3) 3 farmer bill achhe hai
Farmer is right,
Sir Ji why you people not asking this question. Farmers already handover 3 people to police who was in the vehicles where they gone.
Once the farmer is economically destroyed, the next target will be the common man (middle class). So no matter what may be we have to support the farmers.
low knowlege kishan ko nukshan hua he  aap govt  ke liye kaam karti ho janta ke liye nahi  FROM FARMER'S DAUGHTER- PLEASE DONT MISSGUIDE.. For the record, ONLY 6%  farmers GET MSP BENEFIT is not because of the lack of education for farmers. The government only acquires wheat rice and sugarcane at MSP prices. Other products like maize dalls etc. Their MSP is launched but GOV. hardly acquires them, PRIVATE agencies CAN ACQUIRE THESE PRODUCTS AT LESS THAN MSP.. THE DEMAND OF FARMERS IS TO MAKE ACQUISITION OF CROPS BELOW MSP CRIMINAL.. SHE NO WHERE MENTIONS THAT.. WE FARMERS ARE NOT ILLITERATE.. THATS THE REASON WE KNOW WHEN TO FIGHT
If all the farmers are protesting how am i still able to buy vegetables, rice, wheat etc.? And also, potato & onion + vegetables price are decreasing. I don't understand at all.
Ye farmer protest clearly political protest hai
4 farmers and please tell who are the other four also.
Happy that PM. modi understood protester 3 farm laws withdrown
Amit Sengupta ! I don't know what's your knowledge about farming but You are wrong when you say farmers were bound to sell their farm produce through APMC.
Crocodile shedding tears before election ? Crores of rupees spent on agriculture ? You made 5x more the amount spent by increasing Petrol/Diesel/Gas price. Jab Pichwada(Election) pe padhti hai, ache achon ke nikal padhti hai. Ye punjabiyo ne bjp ko aur andhbhakts ko achi tarha se samjha diya.  Wake up India.. BJP is not here to make sab ka saath sab ka vikas. BJP is here to divide and rule.
India is not only 2 states. For your kind information, BBC. Just to be unbiased, why don't you visit farmers of all other states and ask why they are not protesting?
1-Khalistan, (Punjabi: Khlistn, Land of the Khls, meaning pure) in Sikh political ideology, autonomous Sikh homeland. 
The manner in which farmers lynched people, I think they lost their goodwill
Modi police remember, they eat wheat which is produced by farmers
This is not only victory of Farmers but a tight slap to democracy villain like Kangna Run-out, Godimedia and Andhbhakt's...
If the farmers need to have this system, then the government should withdraw bailouts through loan write offs.
Power business k pass hogi or bich me MSP nai to farmers mar jayege 
Thanks a lot. Finally i understand what exactly is the farmer's bill. Greatly explained positive and negative aspects.
Enquiry by CBI must be initiated against farmers lost life and culprits must be punished for killing those poor farmers and right people must be compensated by govt . Forfeit fund required from irresponsibl leaders like Tikait
I'm from India nd one thing that I want to ensure is that this time Modi's government will go down for sure as all the Indians are with farmers
Why congress is having problem with this bills in 2012 congress is also trying publish bills like this you can watch sham sharma video about it and why congress supporters and some liberals are spreading rumours and agendas about this bill ?
Bhakts fighting in the comment section. You all truly believe that they are khalistanis even after 10 months of protest in the states UP,HARYANA, PANJAB,RAJASTHAN. Parents ne paise waste krdiye inn bhakto ki padhaayi me kyuki seekha to kuch nhi siwaay blindly follow krne k.
The farm laws with some changes braught in by debate would have been very benificial especially to small scale farmers. The modi gov fails again in efficient excecution of good idea due to overconfidence and not doing the necessary ground work.
Talk to a real farmer who is not tainted by political pressures as in Punjab, and you will see the vision behind the farm laws and benefits that is directly reaching our farmers. I know as I come from a farming family in Karnataka. This is inciteful reporting focused on a one-off unfortunate incident. Grow up!
More often than not.. MSP is not paid by APMC agents
wherein a trader of one State buys the farmersproduce from the farmer or a trader of
Im kind of at a lost here. So if I understand, government subsidies support monoculture wheat and rice which is also destroying the environment and farmers livelihoods. So the government should stop subsidizing monoculture so farmers can switch their crops but they dont want that and protest that?
acha ab samaj aya then i support farmers
We want Kejriwal for better future of India
Wrong decision by Modi. State ne ek chote se group ke saamne surrender kar diya. Ye farmer protest pan India protest nhi ha balki ye aaj ke time me sirf ek political movement ha.
We support Kisan
Salute to farmers for showing the way!!! Sanghiyon ko vote ki chot!!!
Still this decision has more advantages. And the disadvantages are mostly based on imaginations that it can Happen  or what if this happens. For now it will be profitable for Farmers.
Farmers' protest has became an icon of democracy. That's a great victory of a peaceful protest  
Akir bohot strong he farmers humare baath h islia unki kuch or he
Educating farmers is wonderful point.
600 millions farmers protest is like some number came to your mind and you just said it in the flow 
The entirety of the argument of this protesting sphere, as far as I am aware, is  the regulated market becoming a failure. However do note that the government (literally the Prime Minister too at this point), has come out and denied any such closure of the mandis.
We have to tack care of ourselves with latest technology and great infra for farmers 
we stand with indian formers .  from PAKISTAN.
Most fair and best explanation on this incident till now. You presented things as they exactly are. I am able to say this because even a illetrate person can deny claims presented in the favor of main accused. Can anyone now explain that how Bjp is not showing dictatorship over farmers or common peaple after supreme court statement?
Must include not all farmers are protesting...
Farmers protest is revolutionary and historical.
India Never Can Be Economic Superpower Untill These Type Of People Exists (So Called Farmar & NGO)
               .. #IsupportFarmers 
Mamata banerjee jindabaad all credit goes to Mamata Banerjee and the farmers of India ...2024 mamata banerjee will be the PM...jai Hind jai Bangla... Modi hatao desh bachao
These are poor farmers not terrosts..... police should behave appropriately
Government corruption must end! If it's a problem for Farmers its also a problem for you !
The vast majority of farmers ain't even protesting.
I hope farmers get the justice they deserve!
First your explanation starting.. itself indicate.. wrong and say.. controversial policy against farm. Policies are good, but some people making looking at political angle.. that is problem. If really you want solution means, you have sit with govt and discuss it. Simply cancel the means.. who will accept.
What will happen farmers will be given so much power, we will not be able to eat.
All I can see is the protesters going out of control and being violent, the farmers spokesman said the police refusal for protests inside Delhi on sites like Ram leela maidan was bizarre well don't blame the police look at the video these farmers are thugs.
Good to see how two states Punjab and Haryana are united to fight back Modi plan to ruin farmers of this country.
Rich farmers win again
Long live the Farmers 
Modiji, will you compensate farmers loss?
Our farmers will never forget the humiliation they have suffered for over a year, at the hands of the central government. Jai Jawan, Jai kisan!
A simple solution to solve the problem for grain storage would be that farmers can form their own regional cooperative like amul. It will reduce the financial burden on the government and at the same time empower the farmer. The concept of MSP on all crops is not feasible. It will increase the fiscal burden on the government.
I don't believe these are Farmers...Shame on the authorities letting these hooligans to break the laws.
BJP have shot themselves in the foot. This is peak, now only decline. This will be taken as weakness from those who voted BJP and there will be a loss of trust. Downfall initiated. 2024 elections will be an uphill battle.
For the first time, I guess I am supporting the current Indian government point of view
Thank you for supporting farmers.
Our PM doing well for Kishan through this bill but kishan didnt understand.
Thanks for supporting farmers.
But the new laws gets rid of the middle man, so the farmers can sell directly and make money?? 
Sorry to differ but farmers are greater than jawans becos every body including jawans need them 3-4 times a day while war doesn't happen o  daily basis. And they ve proved it again by serving them food despite got beaten by them
We Eat because of farmers.. We have to respect them and their demands 
So u are saying the amount of resources needed to store a huge quantity is not possible by any famers but easy for a company and since farmers dont have sufficient money to invest in that kind of machinery and warehouse and etc. so they sell at lower price.
This bills in favour of only modi corporate friends ambani adani and other .
Government surprised that how they got tractor because government fixed crops price which just for their livelihoods...Answer is that 5 million punjabis living  abroad and they support their families.. which family haven't any member outside of india 
Back to topic...why can't a farmer sell now????
Brings TEARS AND AGONIZING TEARS watching this video.  HUMBLE AND GENUINE RESPECTS AND REGARDS TO ALL THE SONS OF THE SOIL.  MAY YOU TASTE COMPLETE SUCCESS AND VICTORY FOR ALL YOUR FIGHT.  JAI KISAAN ALONG WITH JAI JAWAAN.
Support to my punjabi Mates from New Zealand. Much love.
If farmer has an additional option, even though it is good theoretically as per this video, what is the issue? What m I missing here?
in which the trader purchased such farmers produce or where such farmers produce
But when Indian Govt tries to copy paste the same Laws here all the International media starts crying for farmers why didn't they support their farmers from their countries
9:50 That's not boosting the farmer's income. It's boosting the middle man's income.
Farmers are backbone of republic of india... 
A person who cant sow his own seed should not pass Bill's on farming. Modi Gandu
You also failed to mention how interstate sale of agricultural products was not allowed under the existing system, and how it limited farmer's income. 
I think that Rakesh Ticket is a combination of Middlemen and farmer
Naked dance of dictatorship. BJP HATAO DESH BACHAO. Modi ji, now the people know you and your agenda . Please pickup your jhola and go.
Great these farmer are not in dire to change their mind. 
Since Independence our political parties are using farmers and poor labourers  only fir their political gain. In our country still in twenty first century our farmers are using very very old systems hence they could not become rich or not living good life. Without knowing subjects and it's implications opposition parties are making every where only and only Politics.Why agriculture is not considered as industry  and FDI  are welcome. How many Politicians have helped farmers during their difficult period. What action they gave taken for stopping of farmers suicide. Nothing every where making nonsence propegenda and trying to distroyed the harmony and peace of the nation.
3. And very important Farmers are not agitating against some particular points, they are agitating against the farm laws completely, which is not right thing to do.
It's awful, the fact that hundreds of farmers had to die to protect their livelihoods. Just like during the covid-19, the government now has blood on its hands. Hopefully people realise that when they vote the next time.
U must say sorry for formers for what u did...how many farmers have dead against these farm laws...what for their families??...
But MSP is only for select few farm produce?
Who is here to understand the farm bills after riot in delhi by khalistanis..
Its all lie in ur show on farmers. The content provider or may b thats u have not bothered to gone thrw related laws and ur being judgemental on current govt at india on ur global platform which is sooo very wrong. This makes me ask... how much u r been sold for?
2. Does district level authority are easily accessible to explain the contract to the farmers and what happened if they only tell the half truths about the contract.
So it's a catch 22 situation, farming reforms are the need of the hour, and farmers needs to be better communicated and taken in confidence. Hope Vox adds more context and hope a better deal is reached between farmers and government soon
I think scenario B as its more common in india, And everyone knows corporates rule politics.May be it will beneficial to some ,But maybe it will be life ending to some,MSP should be there compulsory.
If someone wants new provisions like MSP guarantee, then they can raise their voice. Why 'protesting' against this law as if this law is removing some existing provision?
Most of the  BJP slogans includes Number1 like 1natiion 1card, 1nation 1language, 1nation 1party, 1nation 1election etc.., but there is another hidden slogan but which includes number2 and which is we2 and ours2...( You know who are WE and who are OURs)
Farmers should get msp law passed..dis is the right time..modi will listen before election , not after election...
Sir you are the voice of millions of poor farmers. Thanks a lot.
Innocent kid, his parents 1st focus on his study don't miss guide your children he don't even know what about bill. He speak what is listen form his parent/news kala kanun ,BBC stop this propaganda immediately.
I firmly support farmer's protest.
Lies of dump of modiji please go out from the post of pm jalhind
Well explained. I support these bills. Farmers are our gods, who provided food for us. They should be good always.
Dear Dhruv, I follow your videos and really appreciate your work. But regarding the farm bills, I think you didn't get your points right. I think you should delve deep into free market economy and why or why not it's good for farmers and consumers.  
We stand with Farmers
Our  thanks for supporting farmers
1 bigha me 15-17 quintile production hota h govt 11 hi leti max ....isiliye kisan msp se niche hi bech dete h...
This channel is not showing real video in which bjp ministers son was running away after roadrays to farmers
I've always liked Trevor's work but sadly, this time it proved to be really disappointing or may be, I was expecting facts to be forward in the right way, even though if with humor. But nope. I'm actually baffled at these foreign, especially western news media's so-called news coverage of an "Indian" Farm Law! Like, SERIOUSLY!!? Please educate yourselves about a/any bill or law before expressing your opinions...& I'm not talking about just this incomplete & superficial research done here (if any) for this piece, especially, about a foreign country & especially once again, these celebrities & media influencers.
Let the farmers keep it.
This video brought tears in my eyes. I stand wirh farmers.
Salute for ur real news.... Support farmers #standfarmerprotest
I hope modi will pay more attention to the voices of these people at the bottom when he makes India a superpower. Please spend your money at home to make your life better, instead of giving it to Dassault.
Its high time Mr.Modi should resign.......i think Mr.Adityanath should take over as PM of India.....
In very near future, farmers will be much richer than doctor and teachers. Good education and good medical is little expensive these day but GOOD FOOD is rare. I am an educated organic farmer and making handsome money. 
Support Farmers                
JAI SREE AM HARA HARA MAHADEV ONLY MODI MODI MODI JI SUPPORT
Now farmer will be rich over the day. 
Sorry but we Indians can not stop bargaining, its in our DNA , we also try bargaining in a department store . In supermarkets you will see they many offer cheaper rates on a weekday , people will jump for it . Clear old example is cinema halls , Theatre owners knows morning shows not many ppl will come , so they reduce the price , weekend many people will come then they increase the price . The biggest problem of the farmers you forgot is , the farmers dont know & dont have time & knowledge to fight with these corporations when ther is trouble . & the people who are in Delhi are mostly the cartel who knows in the long run they going to be kicked out , so they are in Delhi .
2.5) The kind of infrastructure (storage, sorting, delivery, procurement) needed to furnish this venture requires this business to attract the greediest of SOBs, although the farmer is weak and tame and exploitable.
3. Can we as a consumer buy any quality of vegetables and agriculture commodities at the same price?
APMC monitor every transaction as every consignment enters APMC is tracked by APMC till it get sold. And APMC ensures the product sale is not below MSP. And there are warehouses where farmers can store the produce if the price are not convincing. Warehouse charge small amount to store the stock and maintaing the quality as it is. Banks gives loans to farmers on pledge of the stock and that to at agri loan interest rate.
If you say that most of the farmers sell their goods outside Mandi so what's the problem in this reform. 
Seeds subsidized. Fertilizers and pesticides subsidized. Agriculture loan subsidized. 0% income tax. Until very recently diesel was subsidized just keeping farmers in mind. Confirmed MSP from government. Never seen government provide more crutches for an industry. People are still unhappy.
All the explanations are expected to bring some fear of some future cases. But those cases are still valid in current scenario also. There is no constructive suggestion to make it perfect.it is an effort to oppose any new changes with fear mongering which affects mostly to the middle man of political parties. Which is more in Punjab and haryana. That is the reason and left Maoist and Khalistanis, jihadis and Congress used this an opportunity to use this occasion to riot after CAA riots.
This is not a  farmers protest, this is the middlemen's protest, please get your facts right.
They are imaginening that in future MSP will stop because of direct selling to corporates. I imagine that in future robots are farmers.
Ive watched the video twice. I still dont get why the farmers are protesting. It seems the pros should overweight the cons. What am i missing?
India is a challenge for any govt to manage. It becomes evident through your walk through of history, and as Modiji said, every govt has done it best to improve a situation, his is doing same. Citizens must stop criticizing and start educating themselves. Your tutorials are to that end, away from noise and propaganda. Just facts.
If you make 15 min video on why farmer is protesting
Disagree with most of them specially these foolish ladies who don't even know what the bills are and what steps the government has taken to resolve this issue pity on youth like you
Just because farmers of Punjab are against it and there is election in up
Decent Video. Would've appreciated it more if you had covered the so called "India against propoganda"  tweets of Indian celebrities, if you had covered how Right Wing are calling the entire protest as a Khalistani Protest from day one, how indipendent journalist are getting jailed for being unbiased.
This time modiji messes with the wrong people.
same smoke then came to Punjab Pakistan in October and November.Despite pakistan government has banned this act in Pakistan but still we are facing damage issues
UP elections pressure,bjp can go any way to win elections,
I salute Sikh community. As well as farmer also. Its a big slap for godi media.. jai kisaan
When there is no msp in market or even not offer by the govt there is another solution like lawyers or personnel with knowledge of law and market analysis having proper knowledge of law will insure the seafty for farmer against mnc and another professional is market anylsis the both can be belongs to farmer communities like son of farmers its systems Complicated to. Explain in comment section but surely will. Come. Into. Existance
Why should only indian farmers have all the fun!!!
You were saying that mandi ke andar ek system bn gya tha rate kisan nahi, middleman fix krte the,  to ye btao jb rules aur regulations. Hone me bawajood mandi ke andar kisan apna haq nhi le pa rhe to ,ek free market me kese le payenge corporate system me swayam bhagwan to ake baithenge  nhi ki wo ane wale time me kisan ko exploit krne ka sunehra moka chor dega, mandi system me to fir bhi msp mil jata jbki open market me iski suvidha tk nahi,  to agar rules and regulations ke bich price fixing wala mahol bn skta to kya gurantee open market me esa nahi hoga
Falsehood: Indias farming sector has shrunk over time. This is not true. The farming sector has not grown as fast as the service sector or manufacturing, but it has still grown. That is why it composes a smaller fraction of GDP. Later on, the attempt to say that slow growth has led to a rise in debt when that not true either.
New bill is good and it should be implemented also bill does not restrict APMC. There is a base price which Govt. Is giving if the farmer is not able to sell and base price should not be lower in contract farming also, such an agreement is void and the farmer should be compensated.
Farmer winning
tomorrow Modi-shah India will say opposition leaders can not address political/election rallies , it will will be done in name of maintaining peace
To the so called smart people of comment section if the Mandi system ends in other states that produce foodgrains on large scale. The situation of these states will also turn into situation of bihar where there are no Mandi no middle mam(as you say) that exploits the farmers. Mandi system was abolished in 2006 in bihar.After 15 years farmers have not had a favourable market for their produce. So some small farmers of bihar migrate to other states.
Punjab should try BJP for 5 years, see if they can come up with a solution. Every farmer should start natural farming on a small plot of this farm. Also grow bamboo as fencing.
. Only two states got good number of mandis. So it's not feasible in other areas of India
Salute to the farmers.
The new law tries to decrease government responsibility. But since Greed is there in corporations' minds they will play games with farmers.
Vice team, it's good to see young people taking initiative.  Overall a good report.  On your next report please spend more time on what is wrong with the laws point by point.  Most independent economist, including at least one at the World Bank say these new laws will decrease incomes of family farmers and increase food prices for the consumer.  They are very cleverly written to concentrate more wealth into the hands of Ambani/Adani's of India.  It's not capitalism, it's cronyism.  We have already seen in the state of Bihar, where these laws were implemented at the state level . . . farm revenue has been cut in half.  Imagine when this is implemented across all of India over the next decade and competition is obliterated.  The current system is not perfect, but that is not an excuse to take wealth from the middle class and redistribute to the 0.000001%, . . . yes that is a real number, 17 Billionaires in India worth over $5B / 1,353,000,000 Population.  For many of these 17, (though not all) most of their wealth comes from massive transfer of Indian taxpayer funds through corrupt contracts and transfer of Indian tax payer owned assets for pennies on the dollar.  It does not come from innovation or great business acumen.  In fact they are stifling innovation and GDP growth.  China . . . not exactly a model of capitalism or great governance was growing at almost twice the GDP rate when their economy was at $3T.  These Ambani/Adani types could teach class to the Russian oligarchs on corruption.  Now they have set their eyes on the Indian farmer.  Unfortunately for them, farmers may have allot less money because it is honest money, but they are smarter and more resourceful than these so called business tycoons.
Let's hope the so called farmers may leave the Delhi boarders
There is MSP on most crops but farmers can only sell 2 crops on MSP right now. 
BJP literally have shot themselves in the foot by passing this bill , if they give in to the protesters... older problems such as CAA , Kashmir will need to be addressed .
Manmohan Singh is great PM. India History , he was working GDP India but BJP for only same business man
Proud to be the son of farmer ,      thnxx for raising voice of Farmers Dhruv Rathi
Good Farmer
But Im sorry to say that with regard to this video, you are as misinformed as our Indian farmers. The law will only help them earn more. The major advantage for the farmers is that farmers are loosing 12% of the revenue by selling their farm produces in Mandis. They are also not allowed to sell their produces outside the Mandis. The government is here to change that. 
Jai jai Sri Kishan ..... , Great victory.... God is good...
You should not call it anti farmer bill
Bro one thing you missed is , In the Price bill it says .....A farmer can come out of the agreement with a corporate without paying any penalty , but a corporate has to pay penalty if it goes back on the agreement .
Every farmer can grow fruits and vegetables in punjab but there are no systems...and there is huge exploitation... As we know there is huge diffrence between buying and selling prices of fruits and veggies... Obviously we all are aware of food inflation in country... In short there should be MSP and MRP of every commodity if we want to save the nation...
Farmers do not know when their crops will be sold, risk management and information must be released not hidden or held back.
I always stand with farmers...Hatss off to all supporters...and remaining Bhagwaan unko sadbudhi de....
And most non-farmers would die because they wouldn't be able to afford even food
3. There has to a minimum price given in contract. Minimum guarantee price can be higher than MSP
Hey farmers  Can you sell less than what we can buy at Costco? 
The government literally drove and water truck on top of women protestors in India r.i.p to the ones who have lost their lives. F modi KISSSAAN ZINDIBAD
Kejriwal himself notified one of the farm law in Delhi.... Aur public ko pagal bana raha hai... Sala jhageshwer
..... Farmer's protest should inspire the voters in coming elections.... It's a power of votes
Center should give choice to Farmers of other states to opt between old system and current modified system. May be after forthcoming elections. Farmers need to check themselves before agreeing to one system.
Only the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is showing solidarity with the farmers by providing necessary amenities to support this protest. The rest of the opposition is just doing politics & lip service!!!
Ek hi point hai ki MSP will continue is ko mention karne mein kya problem hai ? Watched the video for act 2 .. what about the place where Apmc is not present? What is the benifit with new law for them .. if nothing then whole thing is sham only afaik minuscule portion is covered by apmc badi chut mili  msp Jahan thi wahan bhi khatam kar dein
I come from an India where the majority has to wait for so many years to democratically build the Ram Mandir, only to be called communal in the end
Respect for the farmers & the supporters
Hmm to be honest its a win of politicians  whether they r from bjp or congress etc  loss of farmers not a win of farmers
India is already an agriculture surplus nation so the MSP is encouraging the growing of more wheat and rice than is actually needed. The storage facilities by Food Corporation of India are already twice their buffer stock. They are flooded. Yet farmers expect more grain to be bought regardless of demand. Also in Punjab they get free electricity. Govt subsidies seeds, fertiliser etc. If one cannot be profitable despite such support clearly the business model is unviable. India needs more manufacturing jobs and less people in farming. 50% work in agriculture yet only contributes 15% of GDP. You get paid for value not hard work. I dont blame thr farmers i would feel the same in their shoes. But the solution lies not in agriculture but creating alternative employment. We dont need more food we need more nutritious food like vegetables and proteins grown not more wheat and rice. Our appalling Global Hunger Index ranking attests to that.
Implement farm bills only for bhakt farmers 
Dhruv ji your unbiased journalistic  presentation  is  par excellence  keep it up  listen to your conscience  as Gandhi ji said  Thank you on behalf of all  people of this great nation who love freedom  and peaceful  living devoid of all  dirty  politics    We are muslims christians Sikhs parsis Hindus  and all  Above all we are all  humans Indians  Jai jawan jai kisan  Jai Hind    S H Jeelani
_Punjabis are farming for centuries, and they would have to get the three exploiting agricultural laws repealed. Millions of Punjabis marched peacefully in protest against the laws, and reached to iconic Red Fort and hailed as HEROES, which reminds me of a movie, "Mein Azad Hoon"._
Congratulations to our farmers, aaj such ki jeet hui hai.
The entire argument is based on the assumption that govt is abolishing msp, which is a fake news. It's not their in the bill. So if at all this bill does anything it gives more options to the farmers, get more flexibility on top of the existing infrastructure.
Conclusion the law has its advantages  but wayyyy too many loopholes  honestly the government  can take it back ask the farmers on what they need especially the smaller  ones who are the majority .
Why? You better bring it back with another policy. C'mon man, I loved you for this. Farmers needed this. Tikait won. Congi-librus and pseudo-communists won.
MSP is always as per quality what if farmer sellers less quality goods and asks for same prices , completely disagree with this video
Love and support from England to the farmers. May they stay strong.
How about in Tamilnadu Farners? And other state farmers
Now if you have completed reading the above crap and have seen this highly informative video, read about parliamentary committee reports, research, white papers on indian farming for last 10-15 years (if not more) to know positives and risks of the new law.
Proud to be farmers daughter
Inshallah Justice will be served we will fight till death against this corrupt government! Full support  CHOOOOR SARKAR
1) Which law prohibits farmers from selling their farm produce to other than mandi? There is no law for that they were selling outside mandi. They were selling anyone.
Kisaan nhi to desh nhi..we support farmers..
Like one of the Sikhs said On China and Pakistan borders we are fighting and dying, we are not terrorists then.
Breaking Bharat forces in action. Do you need any more evidence? Time to unite and support BJP even more.
PS: I was never a Congress supporter, and never would be.
Jitna bhi galat arop lga lo farmers unity is forever. Inko nakli bolne walo agar asli m nakli hote toh kab ke bhaag gye hote. Inko shok nhi chada h ghar chorke sadko pr rehna aur julm , galiya sehna.
Well I don't know if the farmers really had benefited from the MSP which has been set up earlier. 
Modiji is A 's of Spade. Sabka bap hai wo.
YES DHRV YOU ARE RIGHT THAT WE SHOULD PURCHASE FROM FARMERS.
While the corporates pass the law as they see it fit, government shows no concern towards the farmers and media projects the protest as anti-national. Tough time for the largest democratic country. Thanks Trevor!
Previously i think Modi is not good person. Now I can surely says He is the great Prime minister India ever had. All khalistani people know the truth. Now they begin to fear .Ha ha ha . great
Modi Ji was last hope, I thought he had 56 inch ka seena, but it seems like he is a coward.
This isn't a farmer's protest anymore..with all those people waving khalistani flag, i fear the protests have been hijacked by the separatist.
Madam you eplained it legaly ,now as a farmer of punjab allow me to explain it at ground level 
Keral support Mandi bachao? Where is Mandi in keral?
Modi has no shame about how the farmers are sitting out in the cold, shows what sort of a leader he is - one who cares about no one except himself.
Punjab's agricultural model in any case is inefficient. Huge amount of water is wasted to grow paddy. Punjab's climate and soil is not an ideal condition for paddy cultivation in the first place. But when you have unlimited free water and now free electricity, then you grow anything you feel like because you are not bearing the cost. This is what large farmers are doing. They grow paddy and wheat, sell it at MSP to the mandis and earn huge margins. This is a settled pattern of income for them. It is simply yield multiplied by MSP multiplied by acreage. The large farmers are mostly absentee farmers who use farm labour from Bihar and other states while they stay in Delhi or even become NRIs. Whereas the small farmers are forced to wait at the mandi gates, sell their produce to the arhatiya agents at whatever prices they are given because they have to sell their produce otherwise it will rot and then it will be 100% loss.
Whoever made this video has no integrity. Although i agree with parts of the video, much of this is a blatant lie. For one there were no violent crackdowns on farmers. the video makes it look like 100s died in crackdowns while in they died due to covid which unions wouldnt admit as they believed covid was a govt conspiracy. Secondly govt never tried to do away with MSP, this was a law to allow for open markets that would push the same kind of farming you promote in your video. But when you have an agenda to push,truth doesnt matter.
It's so hard to believe that only a few decades after The Indian Independence act the government was cruel enough to do this to Farmers.
Just listen the farmers!!
In West Bengal... We want this bill. We are not like big farmers. 
These ppl supported modi when he was working against muslims! How the tables have turned
Jay Kishan,,I love Indian farmers .....soul n heart of our culture n pride ...
Thank you sir for providing in-depth clarity about farm laws. Educating and empowering farmers should be the first priority otherwise such laws and reforms will be 
More than half of protesters are workers of opposition party. Almost all belongs to Punjab state which is being governed by Congress party.
I was happy to hear this. This is a big for farmers over government,  kangana and  godi media. All there mouth is shut. Farmers stand against like warriors.
So basically state govt and some business players are at loose along with consumer so why farmers are protesting
I know it's a political game.... But the history have witnessed the implementation of laws in India... Don't you think that Farmers will be manipulated in the hands of corporates.... Because they will have the power and money...
Indian media is godi media plzz you cover all proper news about farmers and their struggle ....
What about if APMC get disappear after 4 years where farmers will sell their products; to cooperates no way more farmers will suicide 
Let me give you the counter perspective. These three laws are what has created the farm sector to grow slowly. Removal of these laws would mean investment in farm infrastructure by private enterprises which will lead to more stable prices for farmers as well as consumers and will enable the farm sector to grow faster. Farmers will have the choice to sell their crops in Public or private markets. Public markets are riddled with corruption where middlemen can take margins up to 80% of farmer's profits. Private markets will allow competition from private buyers which will end the monopoly of middlemen, leading to better prices for farmers.
Whoever questioned the farmers today in this PC on Teni resignation demand, hats off to him for possession of audacity to ask a question which can corner both SKM & government.
I am fully support farmers
Vox should have involved some notes about electoral bond system  introduced by present government...It would explain why they are so desperate to implement these anti farmer laws.
At least we can do this much work for our farmer.. This will boost their confidence in further movement
This is not complete information, you addressed only some facts which are showing this bill is not anti farmer. But it's not reality.
They're not farmers but bloody antisocial elements 
National food security policy ke liye Govt ko every year millions of tons of food grains khareedna pdta hai and ye sub govt APMC ke thru mandi se he khareedti hai. Govt isiliye mandi ko kabhi haath nahi lga sakti plus apmc is a much needed tool. Ye lie spread hoe raha hai anti govt ideology hai and pura muudda political hai inka farmers se kuch lena dena nahi hai.
Also something very important that hasn't been mentioned here: India has what's known as a PDS (public distribution system) where the govt gives out important foodstuffs such as rice, ragi, dal, etc. at subsidized prices. This scheme (not without flaws) still ensures India's most vulnerable people can still afford food, especially in urban areas. With hoarding limits removed, corporates can start offering prices much higher than MSP if only a small amount of rice is grown that season (say if there was a price crash, which happens often), and no sane farmer would then sell to the govt, limiting the stock they can distribute. And since PDS is national system, the shortfall in rice could be felt by people around the country. So the farm laws could lead to an increase in hunger and malnutrition, especially among India's most oppressed.
Thank you Farmers. India will be ever gratefull.
RIP the farmers who lost their lives
I totally understood what Modi said, from today onwards i will totally not buy anything from rich Kisan ( one state ), and buy from poor Kisan's of every state of India.
Im not Indian  but farming for these people are all they know   its just not right stick together fight for your rights
You didn't talk about new farm bills. 
Hi brother..appreciate your effort to make a video on this socially relevant issue. Let me put forward my understanding on this matter. Basically you are talking about organised Vs unorganised farmer classes. Practically farming sector is still unorganised in our country right now and it is controlled by middleman with the help of corrupt politicians. So the new bills or law is not going to change the scenario. Secondly Base support price is currently benefiting  less than 6% of farmers in our country and the scenario is not going to change unless farmers opt out of APMC set up. Thirdly and finally the main drawback of the new bills being discussed is lack of awareness, knowledge and expertise of farmers in dealing with the marketing of their product outside the region. In my understanding we should not underestimate farmers on utilising technology, with the help of digital platforms they can tackle this and government already started programs to educate farmers. Initial stage there will be some issues but they will get adjusted soon. During Digital India proposal opposers were telling this drawback but now even the road side vendor is utilising digital platforms like UPI for businesses. How fresh to home online food delivery group trained the fisherman for using technology is also a classical example in this regard.
Made MSP mandatory and legal as law. If buyer is giving price less than MSP then he must go to jail or hang till death.This punishment should be written in the law.
India ka jai jawan jai kisan kahan gaya? Farmer deserve the most iam with them doesnt matter where they from
Yh Sirf election k liya modi ne phir b vo harega
Thanks brother for support farmer's .we farmers son never forget ur support 
We don't want reforms at the cost of the blood of farmers. Stop the chatukar
Punjab me contract  farming ho tahi h bahut pahle se
Respect to farmers...
I am with farmers 
The repealing does not actually help the farmer, only helps the middleman. A big setback for India towards progress.
These Khalistanis have intentionally committed these crimes on Hindus.  They want to create riots in Punjab.  They first surrounded the Hindu cars.....  Please give justice to the poor Hindus!
Wht abt those farmers who died while protesting
Shame on lawmakers of India who dont keep in mind the needs of the people but on the contrary support and please the rich private corporates ....whats the use sitting and watching the republic day parade with pride when these kind of violent protests are happening on the periphery of the celebrations....shame on modi govt and the higher authorities....
No Farmer No Food
I observe that govt has done fair justification by reducing restrictions on farmers .
Finally a geniune report about the farmers protest! Thanks Vice news
People who are arguing this will bad for farmers. These are the people who never been to agriculture area.
Kindly ignore them and if you are interested to know more about this protest.. Just google it and read Indian Express Or The Hindu articles..
Aree yar abb kisan log phirl se apne dark ages mai wapas lot jayenge , farm laws were a blessing for farmers , and now it is gone !!
Don't you get threats from the People who are in favor of passing the Bill? , This was the best explanation so far on Farm's  Bill. Further to this being the son of a farmer this video helps to Educate the 21st-century Youths to Ask, Know, Vote, and Share the future trends of e-commerce.
They can support. But all these farmers organisation comes under one umbrella under the the leadership of Hannan Mollah and they all fight these bills unitedly. 
AIMIM  SP  AAPCONGRESS
Contract farming is not new. I think first state was Punjab 10 years ago, and state governments entered in contarct farming it failed badly. Also potatoes for Pepsico and rice for fortune is grown under contract farming by farmers. Few years back Pepsico sued farmers for growing its potatoes on the land that is not under contracted. Supreme courts gave judgment in favor of farmers.
Thanku so much for highlighting main topic rather than rhea chakrvrty tysm from all farmers 
The farmers should never be put in a bad position they litteraly feed you.
10:09 marker bjp ki haar ko haank raha tha, andar se, Bharat se India se nahin? Sir I am really confused by this. Can you pls explain what you were saying? How can it be andar se, Bharat se India se nahin? Arent all three the same?
Modi ji in parliament : There is a new species grown in country today and that is "Aandolan-Jeevi". So we have to defend our country against this species.
Narendra Modi again deceived Indian farmers #DelayingInRepealingAntiFarmerLaws
Jooth mat boliye.anti bjp party supported.
Keep supporting the so called farmers. those have created a blunder on 26 jan 2021 at red fort. half knowledge is always harmful.
You make debate openly on agri bill and msp
#We support Farmers
If the Gov famers bill benefits the farmers  A.  the selling price is good. b.  Good  transport system  for  taking out and marketing C. No more suicide then the bill is good . Should the bill do not benifit the farmers directly and middle men can exploite the farmers than the farmers  Can protest. It is so terrible  to see these going ons in  India. End it please   leave politics  and  others  so called champions not to interfere with different agenda.
Basically it is bill for Ambani and Adani( businessman) ke liye hai , privatisation, I was thinking that bill for Kisan... government don't want take responsibility from all the things. railway, airport, BSNL communication, agriculture privatisation means all Gujarati hold the main place and all other people will become their slaves ,I think this bad for society....as most these things are owned by Gujarati people.....so sad
Specially sikh farmers... 
Fully support this Bill
Indian Farmers after their food production is threatened: And now you have officially cross the line buddy.
Andbhakhts gave lectures about agriculture to farmers 
No farmers no food 
Proud to be a Sikh and farmers and punjabi so nice song virji
Very wrong decision taken under wrong pressure. Tomorrow anti social and anti India elements will protest and Govt. will have to do what they ask. This wrong decision will have a very critical and destructive impact on India. Now any new law comes, some people will protest and law has to be repealed. This way anti India elements will win. 
Last time modi was called a murderer in 2013, he apparently became the most powerful prime minister in 40 years history of india. Wonder what will happen this time.
Just like this video, the farm bills are shitty and are going to destroy all of Punjab's economy.  Please refrain from putting videos on the stuff you don't understand. Farmers know what is good for them, that is why they are protesting.
Then its not the problem of center. The headache of development lies on Punjab government. The reforms eventually transform farmers earning. And we can never say all that 750cr will be bused only on development and benefitting farmers. How will then the anti national activities be funded in Punjab
It's not the real farmers they are the intermediary who is playing game supporting the bill
Second example is PEPSICO we know that this company also had issue with farmers for selling their potato to other players which was not legal by the contract.
Modi: We've new farm laws.
Bro, if Govt. wants to get out of Agri businesses, then what's the guarantee that the farmers will get protected from or out of these  bills..!!
Well Explained. Definitely farmers need to be listened. Loopholes of cooperate giants like Financial Analyst will most probably not work in farmers interests. After all the whole nation's appetite is depended on farmers. They must be respected and given a proper chance to put forward their points.
And a lots of thanks to you on behalf of our farmers.
This border used to be alive with cheerful voices of farmers 24 hours. But now when farmers have left the boarder it would turn into catcall .
4) farmers are allowed to sell to anyone (including the govt). Yes the govt will still buy
Point to be noted: Only two states Haryana and Punjab farmers are protesting. And there are large number of farmers, poor farmers are happy with this law. The only happy and rich farmers of Punjab and Haryana are protesting which constitutes what only maybe 2% of farmers population. There are also rallies organised to support this Law.
They are not small farmers who r protesting they are commision agents, big farmers.. And why u r not stating that in BIHAR, APMC is abolished since 2006, Maharashtra, karnataka, Delhi also hv APMC reform. Why are you only commenting on foreign countries. In our own country this law is working properly. Read then review. Yes there are some demerits in the law bt now government is ready to solve it after which these 3 ordinances are very good for farmers. Don't be blind
Farmers don't need our sympathy . They need our respect & we owe them that respect :- Maharshi actor Mahesh babu
They cannot decide MSP, their lands will be taken or have taken on lease. From lands i mean there personal property. Who so ever will took the land will not pay the farmer's loan. 
Why dont you cover broker, how they exploit the farmers in Mandi system.
Victory for farmers... Punjabis won...
To give an update on this protest, the government unconditionally repealed all the three new laws. The farmers have declared victory.
If you're wise enough then this bill is good for you but if you're not then you can be in trouble. Some loopholes need to be fixed then this bill is good. Farmers should have more legal protection and MSP law.
Please support for Indian farmers and thanks BBC news
After all it's the government to decide about the laws it's our duty to support the farmers as of farmers are the backbone of a nation Stand for them and support until the results are out
Thank you so much #vice chainnal showings farmer's heart.indian priminster playing indian citizens 
Indian govt needs to once again pay off their debts cuz they just gave support to corporates
Everyone knows how bias this channel is. The aim of this channel is to earn only. I am from Punjab and khalistan movement actually exist.
As you are a Modi agent you helped him sell public property to Adani and  Ambani. Have you guts to ask Modi about price hike in petrol diseal gas and other essential commodities  ?Perhaps not.
APMC Act don't prohibit a farmer to sell its produce anywhere. 
The next term may see GST++, petrol++, diesel ++, cost of grains++. And anger against farmers.
It's setback for farmers development
Nothing worse than English spoken in an Indian accent. Good luck to the farmers
The assumption that food products price will raise is based on a half baked analysis actually. If you cut the corrupt middle men in the existing setup, the benefits are two ways both for the farmers who will be able to sell directly to their customers with the discount of the corrupt middle men cost. So, I believe it is profitable for the farmers for sure who knew the various options of sales they have and it can benefit the end retail customers as well as they can get the products at cheaper prices as the cost of corrupt middle men will go, retaining just the actual transportation cost from source.
0:27 'only' from 2 states punjab and haryana in majority this farm bill is for poor farmers that's why these rich farmers from punjab and haryana got offended and of course u know what they did with redfort on  26th January how farmers protest took violent turn attacked police with knife sword 400 got injured many of them can't stand on their feet again.
When it came to agriculture and farmers,One section of them did not accept the reforms. Great job.Remain poor now.Our country cannot just remain dependent on agriculture and a pm and his government cannot waste their time to make some farmers pleased.
But, why protest against the three bills mentioned in the first place?? - as they are clearly mitigating some of the existing problems of farmers.
After watching this ..I am in tears and huge Respect for Farmers. Jai Kisan  What the hell this Indian Government doing to our Farmer brothers  Please support our warriors, our farmers 
This guy always think it is so simple to give MSP. India give MSP on grains which are higher than world MRP and so our farmers produce such grains and they rot in Godown as they can not be exported at high price. Also this MSP eats away so much subsidy amount that could otherwise be used for the welfare of rural development and employment generating activities. If u give MSP on all products then that will eat lions share of our budget and make those product non exportable as we cannot subsidies whole world by selling at discount.
We support farmers. God bless them.
Thats y the whole world is protesting against these farm bills
---Supported and financed the terrorist organization Tamil LTTE to rebel against Sri Lanka government
Ye cooperates waale ache khase well educated ko chutiya bna dete to inke aage farmers ky??
Farmers in southern and western states are able to make cooperatives and ate getting better rates. But due to ego and lack of will among farmers in Punjab and haryana farmers they are not able to organize in the sector. Govt is ready to help them to organize but they don't want coz their leaders will lose the power and grip on them.
Loved your proposed solution for a farmer's app. Hope somebody is listening.
The real farmers outside of Punjab are dying because of old system. New farm Bill is welcomed by south farmers.
Now they'll start explaining why 'Farm Laws' are not good for farmers.
Farmers leaders like Rakesh Tikket fools innocent farmers and took them to protest. Farmers need to be educated and multiple crop farming is needed.
Anand Rathi you are talking of what could happen if farm laws are implemented and who could benefit, you are talking of future possibilities which we have not seen, why don't you do video of how in the past and presently farmers are being exploited by mandi agents, how farmers are forced to sell only in mandis through agents and not directly,
Now who's responsible for the death of thousands of farmers? Do PM will take responsibility what has happened. This is the result of BJP losing elections  recently.
I am an IT software Techie, you have given me the idea to develop such kind of applications which can help farmers & consumers. Finger crossed for this farmer bill.
There one thing missing if farmer is not will to sell to private companies he can sell it in APMC mandi
Contrary to what is claimed in this video, farmers were allowed to sell outside APMC to private manufacturers. Thats how we have been getting products sold by Dabur, Patanjali, packaged chips, lemon drinks etc. Such a basic fact is wrong in the video and so many people now feel they understand the issue.
Then when will we speak. When will we stand for our own brothers. It isnt sufficient to just say_ Jai jawan jai Kisan_ ,motivate others and yourselves to stand to farmers .
Many Farmers need MSP. Government should fix MSP. Farmer bill need ammendments otherwise inflation will take life of lower middle class too.
With all that fuss even we were not able to sell it to gvt those third party guys demanded a bit less prices as they would gain in between the farmer and government and moreover they haven't bought even let alone this farmer bill find the solution no solution be it laws without laws
Current Farmers in protests have stopped asking for legalizing of MSP. They are no more concerned about the MSP. When asked their demands very vague and stupid answers are given by leaders and people in protests.
Desh da kisan sammjdar hai wo apni ni hum jese middle class ka sochte hai..wo to jaise tese karlenge..apna krlenge.. support farmer's .if we can't go thre.atleast.we should.not disgrace them.
Due to contract based farming farmers can sell their product at a fixed rate no matter how low or high the market rate is
And have a right to exploit labour & poor farmers.
Farmers nd association undagil ee small farmers kond benefits undakille... Like eelam farmers of eduki.. And their association
This is sad that politicaly misguided so called farmers are using innocent childern. Mohali comes under Punjab but, Congress leaders in Punjab happy. why?...
My theory is that the BJP govt strategy is to stretch the protest as long as it can so that public will feel the brunt of the protest and revolt against the protestors instead of the govt.
Clickbait headline ... Didn't touch the pain areas ... didnt cover the headline of what are farmers protesting and govt rejecting ... also dint talk of restrictions on legal remedies for farmers ...
Not farmers doesn't represent Indian farmers, all are khalistani hain, they had planned to hist flag at Red fort.
And CG out of picture, The farmers will be liable to enter into contracts with the big players succumbing to their terms.
I strongly support sikh community. Go modi go. Modi government is nothing but an extremist government ever.
Best PM of India  Modi
Just tell one thing man 1st take shower its smell video also 2nd new farmer bill vs old farmer bill like whatever you tell video translate in hindi
Mai ek documentary lover hu .... Mere liye sab se best documentary hai ab tak ki yeh ... Best thing is punjab and haryana support each other ... Ab tak gov in 2 states ko todne ka kaam krti aa rhi thi ... Mai thanx bolna chachta hu modi g or khattar sahab ko .. in logo ki vajah se  dono bhai ek ho gye .. gud work lallantop .. background music is awesome
I was wondering why Vox missed out on thr fact that the govt purchases wheat and paddy at higher price than the international average due to whivh FCI can't export it and FCI is going in debt, I'm not sure of the complications of FCI is bankrupt. Farmers need to move from wheat and paddy, govt is being forced to purchase at MSP and then isn't finding people to sell it to and ia forced to sell crops at throwaway prices for liquor companies, to keep FCI from not bankrupting govt has to use tax payers money.
*The main reason is  "Out of 29 seats in all India byelection bjp, rss team managed to won 12 seats only, out of 12, 5 seats in Assam. BJP, Modi, RSS, Shah, Yogi  GAME OVER*  
What about them? Modi will lose votes in up election unless he retain these  laws.
INDIa stands with our farmers
4:40 , No its not unregulated,  stop telling lies.. other two laws makes it highly regulated and under control of farmers only.
Worst govt ever is Modi govt. Except war you could not store essential commodities like wheat, rice but they have removed this limit with new bills. It is simple economics, one who controls stocks, controls supply, one who controls supply controls price. They buy crops at low rates from farmers then sell at high prices. All Modi does is favor big corporates Ambani, Adani etc. He is their loyal dog but this time he has messed with the wrong people. Not just Punjab, Haryana, UP, Uttrakhand, Gujrat has joined hands. If any farmer from Gujrat tries to come to protest in Delhi, Modi govt sends 4-5 policemen to their homes to threaten them so that they come back. They are also trying to suppress this movement by sending IT raids to middle men. Farmers don't want the middle men to get eliminated unlike his bills. They are the backbone of farmer, anytime they need credit they are there he's like a family the elder brother. It's just funny after all this the govt just don't care. If you actually care about farmers, why not sit with farmer organsiations, repeal current laws and makes ones which are in favor of farmers.
there's no more hatred against modiji now what do the haters say?
At the end of the day, farmers will lose out their 2 acres, and the country will urbanize. That's what happened in every rich country. India has more than 40% of it's workers in agriculture.
I don't understand what's wrong with VOX. They make quality content but it lacks lot of facts. First of all Mandis are already corrupted and farmers won't get fair pricing. Deregulating it encourages startups and new companies to give fair pricing and farmer can get a fair deal. These protests are mostly made by the middlemen and mandi influenced farmers. My uncle grows wheat it's been decades that he got fair pricing. He says farm laws benefits him a lot. I'm happy to these implemented cuz he benefits from it.
MSP  is "Minimum "  support price
Modi, Yogi & UP police: Yes ( and will always be)
5. Farmers are innocent people, they are presently misled by these high income middlemen.
Thanks for making it easy to understand. Not just Kisaan everybody should worry about these bills. Actually, farmers are fighting with Modi govt for everyone in the country other than ambani adwani
According to the most basic rule in economics. When supply is higher than demand, prices goes down. Tell those farmers to stop overproducing rice and wheat just because its easy money.
toh aap ki jan kari ke liye bta de wheat aur rice k bina sbh kush msp k niche bikta hai aur yeh bill ane k baad wheat aur rice v msp k niche hi bike ga
Fake farmer. Cong paid protest
respect farmer
People knew that these andollanjivi Will not be able to close that andolan. Because modiji failed very badly now this is the right time to pick up jhola band move back by to Himalaya  and let yogiji handle the andollanjivi h we is real saint and he knows how to use shaster and shaaster
Furthermore Kejriwal stage a dharna with Anna Hazare and got full advantage from Anna and finally he throw away Anna. Secondly Kejriwal even shunted out Yoginder Yadav and famous Advocate Prasant Bhushan. This is the stroy of Kejriwal and party.
Why no talk about those farmers who lost their lives for the protest?
I am not a BJP supporter in any way but, I think this law is a step in the right direction. MSP applies to only 20 odd crops. Many farmers stuck in a loop of producing the same crops and thus many times govt will end up having too much produce in hand and there are some WTO restrictions that stop govt from exporting all of it. We are ending up with large food wastage. Let's not jump the gun and declare the new bill is evil.
Sad. This would have been very usefull for poor farmers of up bihar and many other states except some rich farmers in haryana and punjab. Very sad that people did not support our govt. In such a good initiative
One who have read the bills carefully and understood it would never oppose it for welfare of small and marginal farmers.....very bad decision for farmers future....people who r barking here don't even know how farmers are suffering and what agriculture actually is and how much essential thess bills are for them....mark my words ...you will see the consequences of this on farmers life..economist r not fool to support the bills but unfortunately we have whatsapp university professors ... I'm not bhakt just read the bills once
"Nxt time you see 'Indian Farmers' trending you'll have a little idea of what it all means". Still he didn't disclose the whole situation. Hijacking the protest by pro-khalistanis, benefits of these laws, toolkit case and who is responsible for Red fort clash & disrespect of Tiranga.
First read Farm Bills then make video bro coz knowledge without clarity is dangerous and we don't make our law on the basis of foreign people opinion and media...
We need farmers to feed us...shame on indian government
So far there is no progress on the matter, if the Indian gov.  doesnt budge on matter i say open fire on police and those supporting the gov. Guns and ammunition can we provided from outside sources easily.
6 months ago, Capt Amrinder Singh: "Farmers, farmers, farmers"
Punjabi and Haryanavi people are great and true inspiration..hope our Bengal, up Bihar, south all rise with such unity again..  love to all humanity
We common public  have a bias favoring farmers. Question arises whether the common farmer understands these laws. Delhi Redf Fort incident on hoisting of flags suggests that the protests are  similar to attack on capitol hill. Attack, Thought out by educated people, separatists, vested interest, but not by farmers; farmers are gentlemen by nature. Twitter, facebook have become  tools of disturbances in democratic countries, Not in Russia and China.
I fully support Punjabi Farmers from West Punjab. On one side pm Imran Khan has launched Kamiyab Kisan Program by delivering better quality tractors to the farmers in Punjab. And on the other side we have Modi Vs Indian Farmers delivering Democracy (Sarcasm). 
Just one clarification, the farming share of GDP went down from 51% to 15% was not because of decrease in farmers incomes, but because of increase of service sector and IT.
Opening up the market will benefit everybody as in any other field. The system will not be same as only dealing between farmer and the corporate. This will bring more innovations, practices and more people and will link with many other  business / fields.
Nice manipulating the facts, first of all their is no record for 700 people and also they died because of exhaustion, there was no crackdown on the protestors they only reacted to the Violent protests because khalistani terrorists were in the so called "protests" and u did not cover any of the violence carried by these "farmers"
i think mandi  should be abolished so they can feel the need to go out and see what market actully demands ....... not just producing anything and go to government and say purchase it ..... government should not be obligate to purchase anybody's goods ....... we middle class pay taxes from our hard earn money and it goes directly to corruption .. loan waivers... subsidies
Farmers are real heroes
Only not farmers but Mandi employee are also suffering from this...so please sir make video on that issue also...my parents are Mandi employee and they are suffering from this.
FARMERS WILL PRODUCE WHAT IS IN DEMAND NOT LIKE TRADITIONAL RICE OR WHEAT ONLY
70% India's population are farmers only few paid thousands are protesting let them like shaeen bagh this protest politics doesn't work in India.
These suckers won't tell how Indian government is responding to farmers protest. One thing among many is that Government has promised to not implement the law for next 18 months. In this time, talks will happen to change the law! 
India, don't let ruthless capitalists take over your country, listen to your farmers!
This is not the way to fulfill their demands.....ap railway track pr baith kr bhut galt kr rhe ho apki vha s kitne jayda train cancel h 100 tain cancel k gyi jin logo ko urgent khi jna tha apne dhuk ya khi kisi kam s kitne dink phle s ticket books or sirf tum 50'100 logo k vja s kitne hazaro lakho logo ko asar pd rha h I am also a farmer but I request to all of you plz think about others
After sacrificing around 700 Human life's the farmers win.... And the blood of over 700 Human life's quench the Government's thirst ?!
Election in UP and Punjab...
India is with it's farmers
I guess not, because the farm bill is only a  choice provided to the farmer to either sell to the APMC or any private player. (Preamble of the bill) . Here the farmer is made KING n not the blood sucking middlemen.
#Jhoot_Bol RHA H,,#Modi_____U.p election ,,,,ka Asar H,,,,,ye
Thank you for talking about farmer's protest
You only responsibility for our farmers, sacrifice
I wonder how the middlemen are not too powerful. I think they would have done the same thing which the private companies could  do like snatching all the land. Since a private company want to stay in the Indian and follow laws they can't do it against the will of Indian government. They can kick any company like PUBG. 
Looking at this, it feels that I, being a salaried tax payer will have to pay higher prices for the corporate profits. There is no assurance that the corporates will pay the farmers well but I on the other hand will have to pay high for the company revenues.
4. Why the farmers are not allowed to go to court in case of disputes? Whether they can afford is a different question. In case of serious and mass exploitations, farmers can group together and try to go to court. But limiting them to DMs level is too much autocracy - esp. the kind of DMs who say 'break their heads'...... you should know in case of dispute they will take money from Jio and give resolution only in favor of Jio .... forget justice ....
Good report but You did not mentioned(or deliberately missed) an important point.  WTO and USA putting pressure on Government of India to reduce or abolish MSP and Subsidies, given to Indian farmers . As under WTO laws it comes under trade distorting practices. Would love to know your point of view on this 
any one with a little bit of research can find out that 83% of Indian farmers are having less than 2 acres of land and this MSP does 0 benefit to them bcz they don't have volumes to take advantage of this scheme on the other hand rich farmers of Punjab and Haryana having large land holdings and enough money to to buy produce from these farmers reap all the benefit of these schemes. also if these farm laws were so bad why was this so called revolution confined only to 2 states in India along with some part of UP.
It's even more violent and cruel to subject these farmers and their families to poverty and even lower quality of life. Stop demonizing people who are trying to upscale their quality of life to decent standards that have long been exploited by capitalism for maximum profits.
Arrogant BJP thought that farmers would back out once met with brute force. But little did they know that these mofos are hard af and they will do anything and everything to protect and fight for their rights.
This is exactly what happened in hawai. The farmers cannot sell the crops to anyone other than the corporation with the patent. They then fall in debt and are forced to sell their land to the corporations. These reforms are deadly.
WE STAND WITH THE FARMERS!! USA STANDS WITH YOU!!
It is Congress. Conspiracy. It. Is. Congress culture.  Indira Gandhi. Killed. Own son  Sanjay Gandhi.  Congress killed. Hoi j Bhabha  netaji Subhash Chandra Bose  Lal Bahadur shstri &. Congress hate  against our general. & Love with Pakistani general. Congress called him __ sadak  ka  gunda____
I always thought that resting the land and changing crops is better for the nutrients in soil, thus keeping the land more fertile. Pesticides that continue to be used have no impact on pests over time thus requiring more. The people ingest the pesticides and crop quality and yields decline. There has to be a better solution. Why are only 2 crops subsidize? Including more subsidized crops helps farmers to grow a larger number of different crops. Would that not help?
Still bjp through out from india 
I am a Farmer from South India and I support the bill
Those self claimed 'farmer like andh-bhakts' listen to this man! He has explained about the farm law clearly.
Though we were far away from Delhi...we were watching Problems of Farmers everyday and worried about them who were struggling for their Rights... At last Farmers  got Victory....Now they are living example of Courage and patience....
Thanks for the vice news for spreading the plight of farmers of India
Witnessing Greatest Farmer Protest Ever in the World!!!
Now nothing happened farmer's are as usual being Exploited by middleman
Also there are other points not mentioned how farmers in this region became over reliant on govt buying grain from them from national reserves, how dairy industry functions without any govt mandi or that it's not always big corporations vs small farmer, Indian market is not same as US market, here there are many small to mid size businesses who will also collectively buy as much agri output as once listed on stock market, possibly even more
He is the reason why farmers from haryana and punjab are protesting so much
I support this bill
Read it out once again farm bill
Hahaha when Obama came to the power things are changing so rapidly farmers protest is just beginning India will be suffer if you guys doesn't take things consciously.
Wow those people are telling benefits of farm bills to farmers who even don't know the difference between coriander(dhaniya) and mint (pudina). As a Delhite I support farmers they are only protesting  for their rights.
here nothing is problem to farmers only mandi mans and consumers are affected ! then why farmers protest
The issue is not just related to MSP. It is something deeply rooted in what economists have been debating for more than 2 decades. Most of the Indian farmers own 2 acres or less agricultural land. There is no way you can improve the standard of living for these farmers if they work on farm alone. The MSP system coupled with the food subsidies help these farmers just survive nothing more. Economists want Indian government to push these low acreage farmers out of farms and work into manufacturing and services sectors be it as a labourer in the upcoming factories being moved from China. It hard to say who is being adamant here, these farmers with a very low farm holding who will never be able to improve their standard of living with farming or the government that thinks moving them out of the farm will somehow accelerate the pace of manufacturing in India. This is a problem where no one is wrong eventually and no one is right.
Trial the reforms in a few regions first, realise the benefits and prove to the rest the merits of the reforms (if any).  Use the excess grain for the livestock industry and increase meat production.  Concerns of the farmers must be addressed as no reforms will work without their support.  Start distributing free face masks to the protestors and villagers.  Look into providing low interest loans, the costs of agricultural inputs and export markets for agricultural products. Best wishes to India and in memory of my classmate Gurbachan Singh
This was all a joke and propoganda!! It ended now coz it had to!! I am a village boy !! Kindly do not try to teach me farmers problems!! I am very very close to this!! This law only fecilitates farming and farmers!!
I don't understand why religious flag is holded if the demand is merely for Farmer's right..... And What's the point of removing Tricolour for replacing it with their religious flag? Definitely , the Farm Bill is not the issue. There is different agenda
THANK YOU, BBC! The world needs to see this, know this and stand up for the farmers. It's now or never!
The Decrease of agricultural production share in GDP of India doesn't mean that farmer's income is reducing,
I'm south indian ... I like the newest bill because we farmer can trade any place in india without any permission thanks modi government..
Any how u got some news to fill your belly ..against India...come on BBC
In US, Canada there is beautiful system of Checks and Balances and Federal structure. On the other hand Modi governance is peeling off layer by layer whatever checks and balances were there in India by bills like these.
I demant to gov consider farmers all over India and then decide. DNT decide with only Punjab farmer we all farmer live in this country.
First thing..Its not pan India, its only Punjab n Haryana farmers... Pls google cannot spoon feed... second proposed farm law are out there in public domain n how its going to help formers...again pls google.. its free... third Greta toolkit investigation..... pls pls google.... End of day I m thankful to u becoz u keep restoring my faith in Modi government
IMF: Farm laws are beneficial for economy of India
May GOD give our farmers justice! 
Who cares, is it the biggest issue at present?? A country does not run only through food. There's a lot more. And farming becoming privatized or corporatized is nothing wrong. You may swear Modi, Trump, Biden, and many more but they know more than you do. You or me know how to run our lives and issues, or protests, but the Modi, Trump, Biden, Xi Jingping, Boris know to run countries practically, not on the basis of sentiments and emotions.
In future , It will be difficult for any PM to bring Agriculture reform .Otherwise I think Farm laws could have benefited to small farmers.
This is 56 inch chest of PM Modi........sorry modi ji this is not expected from you...... because after this if you brings any kind of laws then other sections of people will start protests...... mistake!!!
Great farmers
These not farmer, Pleas say him to mind her language about prime minister's.
Govt will loose the control. The farmers will be labour in their own field
The traditional farmer .
Excellent Mr Amit. You have  explained  the crux of farm  bills  in very  simple  & lucid  language.
farm ki life improve krnee ke liyee he to farm laws layee the, vo Bhi repeal krwaa diyee
Have a question. Didn't the Govt say  procurement will be done by private n Govt will continue to procure goods from farmers? Am I missing something here
Modi is rejecting the earlier setup installed by earlier govt regimes.
This was indeed very informative and explains the farmers bill precisely
4) crops in undersupply will automatically fetch good price in market (no need to MSP on those) 
3. Corporate companies can stock their materials to any limit legal which is major cause food crisis and price rise. This is law under which corporate are going to control Indian markets according to them selves legally.
The life of a farmer in India has always been miserable from independence.Same dependence on rainfall,lack of modern inputs etc.Hundreds of farmers suicide each year due to indebtness.I say the laws will benefit Indian farmers.We've protected our markets for decades leading to lack of competition dynamism.
Up Ur Punjab me election hone h
Why bbc take his interview when farmers protested
Also the farmer's deaths amongst millions who have been protesting in the midst of a global pandemic is 78. Don't say it's 200 or something that's wrong.
Kisano se har kr ab badla muslims se lenge Bkht or Modi govt. Bakhto ko Modi k pull back krna pasand nhi aya- ab new target to dena prega unhen... Anyway, the farmers an amazing chapter in unity and strength- a win well deserved
Only when all support farmers, then our nation will be a developing nation. Its really good explanation about farmers. Farmers are our sole energy of our nation. Let's stand with them.... as we all farmers..
This video shows such an epic journey of farmers. Goosebumps all the way!!
3. Indian Farmer do not have a say or to decide on the price for his/ her produce.
And then after Modi will get surpriced very badly 
Dont call them farmers.
Congratulations all india farmer 
Brother if I understand that line where company bought apple for 72rs per kg and sell 250-300 rs. Let me analysis this for you.. market to storage transportation for tons of apple cost something which devide per kg, them cost of storage and process cost something which also includes in per kg rate.. then distribution to other warehouse in pan India cost something in transportation and material movement, again then small storages cost something, billing and retailing process cost something adds and whatever you saying Adani or so callled company profits around 175-225 which is not so correct can you please explain public how and apple cost rise of company sells it and decrease when farmer sell it.. and also for your knowledge.. company pays for work so in directly it is going in middle class person's pocket who working on company.. so if goverment don't support privet sector where middle class will earn?
Please translate it in hindi and punjabi languages also, more  people can understand it in easy way. 
I AM NO FAN OF MODI OR OPRAHISM THAT PROTECTS THE LUTHERAN CHURCH IN MY COUNTRY I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER FOR THE PEOPLE OF INDIA. GOD BLESS AND MAY INDIRA GHANDI BE WITH YOU. These laws sound exactly like the laws ENCACTED by the CLINTONS in the UNITED STATES.  How they could work in a country of 1.5 BILLION IS RIDICULOUS.  No ownership for the people.
*I had  heard that india is a hell on earth for women didnt knew it was also a  hell on earth for farmers too*
originated;". Hence no new freedom to farmers but a lot of freedom to traders.
You have to make a video with more info about the laws explaining and analyzing how it affects farmers not just in Punjab but also the other states of India.
Bjp don't need votes from Punjab. Now the best Bjp policy is make Hindu vs Sikh.
Corporates will do  hoarding and create shortages and then Blackmarketting in it, as there will be no limit on stocking and no price control ! In the end farmers have to sell their piece of land .
The corporates will give very good rates to farmers and consumers initially.
Ehhhh... Rest okay but you kind of missed the part where along with delaying the government is also offering to amend certain portions of the law according to their demands. They have organized 12 rounds of talks with the farmers but the farmers want a complete repeal. Another thing, the background on the need for these laws is kind of scanty and maybe a little too conveniently presented. Hope you research more on it and present another episode. Such partial evaluations build a very ill informed and strong narrative which kind of sucks
Modi should not have repealed the farm laws. Disappointed 
Farmers won the match 
Atma manobal of Modi ji is unparalleled in indian history 
Thank u sir for a very informative lecture about farm billthis gave me a broad about this
Finally FARMERS need to replicate (AMUL) model.. little is going to change for small farmers before the bill or after the bill.. BUT if they join hands they will have a good say in the price !!
What Modi did today is the same thing that Narsimha rao told to Arif Mohammad at the time of Shah Bano case when he was resigning from congress"agar unhe gandgi ki aadat hai to rehne do" 
Note: dont reply me with kashmir India ka hai. Everyone knows kashmir is not India's and Pakistan's part
I guess not, because the farm bill is only a  choice provided to the farmer to either sell to the APMC or any private player.  (Preamble of the bill) . Here the farmer is made KING n not the blood sucking middlemen.
#Support_Farmer_if_you_eat_food
Activist attacked the transiting vehicles they attacked BJP convey as they tried to escape in their vehicles. Sikh migrant farmers own and occupy large tracts of Benami farm lands owned by clearing forest and pastoral lands in the Terai regions. We have seen they way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day.
Farmers missed a golden opportunity.
BBC Should make a video on Indian media. Known as Godi media
7. Please go through the lives of Indian farmers and help them out as you feel what is right.
Modi has destroyed India.. a tea man can't know wt is farming..
are inviting private companies to buy farmer produce directly
Go and explain the farmers who voted Modi in the name of ram mandir now sit and eat ram mandir
Govt have to restructure not replace, when there are no govt. Who will responsible? Private, they have business don't care about farmers at all like govt.
did they help the other poor farmer to grow?
People who have no idea about India and  Indian farmers are talking about Indian Farm issues.
Not all farmers have the transportation capability to transport apples from himachal to maharashtra.
More than 700 farmers have died till now. It's such a shame.
IM WITH THE FARMERS
Great. Loss. Of. Farmers
That was not a farmer protest
I don't understand only 4% farmers sell at Mandis and 96% sell outside anyways. This bill will end the flaws of Mandis without creating significant effect for rest.
Thank God Farmers won this battle against corrupt bjp and Modi... They lost over 600 humans and were treated like terrorists ... Shame on Godi media and BJP
Please support farmers in india 
Best video on farm bill issue
One thing, farmers by large in India DO NOT form a Cartel or Union.
The new Acts are more of a consumer problem and less of a farmer problem.
I think that what the govt has been doing since last one year it was very incomparable to protesters, the death of more than 800 farmers (estimated), the initial conflicts with govt. coming to Delhi, the volnerabilityand so on. These coercive actions will be remembered by these protesters.
Same bills were issued for the other states of the countries. Why are still protesting after so long??? If the bills  were for the profits of the farmers why UP, bihar and gujrat is still protesting after so long?? These bills cant work in a corrupt countries like ours. Government is trying to create monopoly in the market which is always ALWAYS  proven bad for the market. Understand that
Because we have example of ITC which procures directly from farmers
shame on yogi modi
Repealing the law on Gurpurab. Quoting Guru Nanak Dev ji. Heh. Yeah you wont be getting any votes in Punjab either way.
- The poorest Bihar Famers so kindly mentioned are growing at the rate of 10-12 % versus a national average of 3-4% since these laws were enacted there about 10-15 years ago. (as to why Bihar is soo poor is a topic in itself but briefly, the Area(Bihar eastern UP and Bengal) were the cradle of Indian independent and revolutionary ideas and thought so they were smashed by the British so as to eradicate all art, industry etc etc)
How kashmiri apple producing farmers can sell their apple in Maharastra?...
This law of implemented properly with strong measures to protect the interest of farmers will improve their income.
Don't you stay in an illusion that majority of farmers are poor! It's just not on paper! I have a lot of friends with income certificate mentioning 1lakh income per annum and them living lavish lifestyle
It's a fact that nobody listens to the farmers who are the ultimate victim of this unfair trading and price fixing process. It is also true that the farmers themselves aren't united due to person, social, educational, professional and political reasons, differences and or influences. The long term solution to this problem is 'proper education' of the farmers right from the grass-root level wherein the farmers won't be taught about the on field farming techniques, methods and processes only, but also how to be smart, intelligent and scientific enough to bargain and negotiate the prices of their own produce so that the traders, middlemen and or the companies and or the governments cannot cheat or fool them. This initiative must be taken by the governments and the farmers should be encouraged to not just focus on enhancing the quality and quantity of their produce but knowledge and intelligence level as well. This is the only solution to not just this problem but any problem. All this chaos and drama is happening because of ignorance and a predominant political influence. It doesn't require any effort to mislead, misinform and miseducate a helpless, needy, ignorant, impractical and naive person.
Thank you for supporting farmers
And the main important point is , the law was formed after several digital meetings of prime minister with several farmers and agricultural institutions , and there are 28 states only 2 states have problem with it . Which is closest to the border , and has an cross border drug mafia issues with break india forces.
Only Gaddars can be against the Farmers.... Woh log roti rice nehi khate....
Punjab ke kisan nhi the sirf he is laying but punjab is a different  from indian everyone  knows that
People who r celebrating right now about repeal of laws will demand reforms and blame the govt. for deteriorating situation of farmers after 5 years.
Thank you for briefing us with the new ordinances. ...I wish the hobble P.M. Mr.Modi  can have more meetings with people who are more knowledgeable and can give their suggestions how the government can improve the situations of the farmers ... that will bring change and security to these poor farmers who reallyh work hard but hardly gets any profits ... they need proper guidance ...
Farmers is important in life
I am a son of a Farmer My state is Chhattisgarh None of the farmers in our village protested Everyone was happy with this bill
Farmers fight is not only for themselves but for every common person. If they wont survive then how come common people will get food.
Ashman jhukta nahin hai lekin kisano ne kar dikhaya. Well done farmers protesters. Farmers r the real power and back bone of our country.
#we_stand_with_farmer
Asking The city folk about the correctness or otherwise of the farmer agitation is futile coz there is a divide between the city and the rural economy, a disconnect like never before and that is the reason for the deprivation of the rural folks
I am not a farmer but after i watched this video I  understand  all 3 black laws 
Farmers rights are on demand.
Never give up its time to fight against Modi Government & we the people of India will always support farmers , Current govt is like termites slowly eating of the nation , now at this moment ever Modi ji voice is starting to irritating me #Justice for Farmers
Why do you think that all 1.2 billion indians work. There are kids and elderly too
bihar has already abolished the forced slae in apmc but as a result no private players showed interest because companies like mc donalds aint gonna buy small amout from small farmers it costs them transporting, storage etc instead they prefer to buy directly from apmc in large qnty. majority of the farmers are small in india and they are not gonna get benifitted from these bills.
Ohh farmers 
If the current system is so good ,why the farmers suiside in MH, UP, Bihar and we hear no to less cases in green revolutions area like punjab?? The laws could have been better for other farmers, but nothing can be reformed in this country...black friday for indian agriculture sector..
I always respect the unity and community feeling within the sikh brothers . They stand up for their rights and never back down before atrocities. Lots of love from Odisha. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. Samdish you are doing a great job by bringing us authentic and raw news and showing us ground reality.
Thus is bullshit support farmers
*Farmers want high prices (producers)*
Apmc fees is not paid by farmers in Haryana
Please release this in hindi, as most of the farmers  do not understand english.
The farming in developed countries is heavily subsidized by the government, the farmers are given huge support, even to the extent that the govt sometimes ask them to stop all farming activities and still pay them.
Modi ji Knows what is Good and urgent need for the citizens 
Ban formers bill and EVM machine. BJP leave the office, you criminals are in power. India wants freedom.
Very beautiful and nice humanity in farmers. Kisan ekta jindabad.
See if I am a Farmer shouldn't I have independence where to sell the produce?? The farming laws are giving Farmer's more freedom.
Farmers will suffer
I come from an India where supposedly educated ppl celebrate repeal of laws that would've liberalized farming economy, enabled farmers to sell anywhere, reduced food prices.
He is only a witness, he was not in the car, farmers were mistaken him for some one else, ashish had 100 alibis for having tea some where else, the driver is charged with murder or reckless driving. Case close?
Murder case on modi should be reported and punished for killing more than 700 farmers.
This law also states that purchaser don't need any license to buy produce from farmers, instead any pan card holder can be in this business which leads farmers more vulnerable to frauds.
Oscar performance by Modiji
Yes you said it rightly, No MSP guaranteed in this bill which brings fear to everyone
Every farmer should watch this video 
Little guy can take so much! However, Farmers here have been protesting peacefully for months, camped up on freezing streets and this march was also peaceful, bar small section that had been lead stray by negative forces within the ruling bjp party.
No one here has less than 2 acre of land...these are the privileged farmers who reaped the benefits of green revolution.
"Farmers" protest in a nutshell: 
Could someone explain why farmers would move to the deregulated market eventually?
Ye sab pre planned tha congress aur khalistaniyo ka.
Pahale aisa hal congress ne bhi kiya hai but us samay mobile nhi thi aaj hai, aisa thodi hai ki congression ke samay kisan achhe wali zindgi ji rhe the, ha lekin abhi se thoda achha ji rhe the congress ke time
we should suuport this modi government and should counter the false propoganda on social media...by liberandus,communist ,congress, arvind kejriwal and paappu bhakt.
wichole khange . west is west east is east and the twain shall not meet . apolitical approach towards this need of farmer and consumer.
Good morning Modiji, time to wake up and recognise the 600+ deaths your decision and stubbornness has caused, not to mention the pain, suffering and angst caused to millions. Must be election time soon?
blame punjabi politicians for this , in southern india farmers are very happy
big win for the farmers
Modi finally had to accept that democracy is stronger than his plans  just before 2022 elections.  Between where has Modi's workers who called the farmers as "terrorists " gone 
But farmers should be also free selling to anyone they want.
I don't know how the farm bills will affect farmers in Punjab but I am happy that I can now sell anywhere in India and to whomever I want. And nobody can force me to sell.
Excellent explanation of Farm bills.
Also, if you go through the Niti Ayog report on farmers ,it actually says that 81 percent farmers are aware of MSP, but this host seems to suggest that 81percent don't know about MSP, which is wrong..
 https://youtu.be/5i1Ak-8Uf3k, titled "How Modi Govt Lost the Farm Laws Battle"
Contract farming is happening even today, infact it all started from punjab first, just that there is very little regulation and lack of it creates more disputes.
I am surprised that if India is amature democracy as claimed, why every Tom, Dick & Harry other than farmers themselves, are deciding if they are good or not. Engage people who matter and for god's sake stop analysing what we are not expert off. Indians need not to show that we know every damn thing by reading or listening from here n there and making it up. Farmers law, Good or bad, its very simple, engage ones, who deserve to be engaged, heard and empowered in decision making, not the ones, who ACT on their behalf with kindergarten knowledge and sitting in govt. Protests by farmers need to be seen from their standpoint not ours. Let give them and govt 3 months to debate, brain storm and then implement, till that time farmers & country would be far better with pandemic, the major focus of today.
Chadi chor  police  chotiy   chdi tari khalstan zindabad Punjab zindabad khalstan zindabad from Brazil 
Its a two prty agreement farmers can negotiate 
I am son of a farmer .
Terrorists not farmers
Map  of India  is wrong ... top part Kashmir is chop out..... also Farmers protest funded  by Khalistan supporter
I m saying the same thing to every farmers of west bengal from the very beginning..bt they are not understanding... media houses and political leaders are the ultimate villain of our country.. Govt will never implement Minimum support price.. and they will never set a control over retail price to stop monopoly.. sometimes i feel so helpless.. People don't trust us.. people do trust only on MP, MLA, Prodan and political leaders.
If its bad, it is fair that we pay more so that the farmers situation improves. So price rise is not a problem, but there has to be some steps or process for maintaining supply chain,  to ensure prices do not fluctuate as they do right now.
Farmers produce, grains that politicians eat every day.
Now we All the citizens of India, will have the best opertunity to get our food grains at a reasonable price, so that even all daily wages families and the poor people call buy and eat the farmers good crops and live alive and breathe a new tomorrow.
Congress+SAD+AAP created this non sense........................This will end like Shaheen bagh protest.  This is just to oppose MODI and nothing else.
This video is not neutral, you are a farmer supporter, look at what Modi ji said, he was so humble and composed.
I watched the whole video. But I can say that you should do some research first about such a sensitive topic. Indian government is trying to sort out this matter peacefully by organising meetings to correct these policies. But the leader of the farmers couldn't say what's wrong with this policy. And also this unfortunate incident in the Independence day of India was conducted by none other than Congress party. Who also promised to bring this policy for Indian farmers. But now they are protesting against it because of Modi, the prime minister of India, just for the sake of protesting. It is not expected from you to spread propaganda. Please don't do that.
If farmers find corporates are cheating them could they sell their produce by old means via APMC?
finally justice for the farmers
5. who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are 
Don't consider as it is defeat of PM Modi Consider it as PM's respect for democracy. Doesn't matter how? It comes true, that's matter. Jai Kisan, Jai Jawan, Jai Hind.
Why are we saying farmers are against this bill.? Farmers from Punjab and haryana doesnt represent All Indian farmers.The farmers from state which take maximum benifit of MSP and Mandi system are opposing due to introduction of parrallel system..
YH TOPICS YOGI JI MODI JI KE H JO HMSE BELONG IDEA H
Thank You Trevor Noah so much for talking about of this demand. This is a historical protest in India and with peaceful means and objectives similar or bigger than Mahatma Gandhi movements. Govt has tried all tricks of political world (dividing on religious lines, calling them anti-national etc.) to suppress this but has failed miserably. 200 elders have died in biting cold on borders. They chose to live in pathetic conditions for months now to make their word heard. There is lack of trust on government intentions on these laws. Govt is behaving like an autocratic government and focus is always on elections/votes and since the next elections are in 2024, they choose to play this game long. They are in power with all the machinery, police force, tax payers money with them to fight out. What do farmers have? - THE "WILL POWER" TO PROTEST
First step towards to d grade punjabi farmers
KISHANO KA NUKSAN NEHI GHAMANDI SATTA KE MUH I PAR  SHARMNAAK TAMACHA HUA LAGTA HAI YE CHANNEL BHI  GODI MEDIA ME SHAMIL HAI
There are high chances of people taking farmer's land and then went disapper in future.
I feel sad.. people are not aware bills kis cheej pe hain aur farmers kya chahte hain aur  kyu ho raha protest
Sir, won't there also be a reduction in deadweight loss if MSP is withdrawn when they sell outside the APMCs?
Rehman khan instead of bar..ing can u give some logic/rationale on the legal grounds & its implications on Farmers?
Lets talk about Bill Gates role in destroying the Indian farmer.
This is fourth generation War on India by caa protest by farmers protest
Greatest Explaination... This is so true that In our country The People from the opposition Party Also make some good points against these bills ... And they are true ... But ... You know that the ruling party does not listen to this and it becomes a problem .. I realise that that storage bill was actually not good ... The points that i saw on internet raised by the opposition were true ... So Our country needs to be changed ... but it is what it is ...
In Wisconsin and much of America our small farmers are being bought out by super farms that have the ability to keep running. It tortures me to see the same thing happening in India. Change really has to come for these people.
*He had to, there was no other way left for tyrant to defend his torture on farmers* !
Long live farmers unity! WE WON
The fact is Nobody can save the farmers of India.
There's a lot more grey in this, arguments being made on both sides. What is certain is that government has not cracked down on anyone. The government has so far been very careful and respectful in maintaining distance. TBH the farmers also are keeping it non violent, except for a couple of incidences that you mentioned, and the farmers detested and distanced themselves from those who did it.
Cant even condolence for one farmer death. Because of Modi , Amit shah, Yogi many farmers died.
Farmer protests is something you won't understand. To understand it, you should know the ground reality. Poor farmers were been a puppet in someone's or some group's. Republic Day violence had a direct link with Pakistan backed Khalistani group. The IMF projected that these new laws will strengthen the agricultural sector and can bring double income to the farmers.Even the US admitted that new farm laws will be good to the farmers.
Farmers choose to be slave of Old Mandi system.
Wait.... I want to clarify one thing that red flag in video with sickle and hammer is not related to farmer protest at all..... Its communist party of India followers who wants to rule the nation maybe..... At least I'm Indian I know..... Baki agar kisi ko jayda pata hai ya comment karna hai kar, par kar ke dekha mere statement ko galat...
Oh god everyone is at it for their 2 piece of fame .this is all wrong those protesting are not all farmers many of them are terrorist khalistani groups with vested interests majority of the farmers are hapoy with the farmers
I know PRIVATE companies may do monopoly (as u said examples Jio) but they will increase competition and healthy environment for farmers ( as Jio did). Farmers will start taking its benefit by cultivating many crops rather than Rice and wheat and sell them in market.
God will save all these farmers and real citizens are with farmers 
Msp is there. Govt has said that if the farmers want MSP that they will keep. So this person is telling lies. Msp  .  6%   msp benefit .   msp?
I think farmers are also lossing there credibility because they totally turning down each and every options given by government and in time they will lose public support (it's my opinion please don't mark me as andh bhakt)
There are about 130 million farmers in India (more than the population of many big countries in the world) and certainly, not all of them are protesting because most of them will be benefited from this law.
One thing we have to accept that they are rich farmers. They had the materials to do such protest/ activities=
Gadkariji roads building ,for the progress of our India and not for misuse of beautiful roads . Why sensitivity of people has gone in wrong direction? Road tax frame should be changed . Kisan aandolan  - misuse of govt. property?   Gadkariji  can u do something ?  Wonderful road .
1. A small farmer will anyway either suffer, or , may not take advantage of the price increase! So, the protest/agitation that is going on does not suggest any way forward for a small farmer.
Full support my all farmer brother 
Shaheen Bagh walaa 500 rupees ma protest kr rahaa th..abbb economy recession ma h tu farmers 100 rupees pr protest kr rahaaa h
Tikait, now you shown your real color. You are a broker of Mandis in Punjab and Haryana. 
"Nobody in earth is more patient than a farmer"---The truth. Yea men, farmer waits 4month for an egg plant to grow.
This is most awesome video on the farm bills tht I have watched... Supperb .
farmer can sell his crop at any APMC there is no any act that says farmer can go anywhere
Search in this name THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON
#nofarmernofood
Again only one side of story ..., And u covered this up with Belarus anti govt protest but it's not comparable ... Not against farmer protest as some of there demands are just but there is an aspect the govt. Stands right at which you haven't covered ... :(
Why MSP is so low and why farmers are unaware about it? 
1. In punjab, small farmers sell in mandi. The story you are presenting here was applicable to bihar, where they have already repealed APMC Act and this has worsened the situation . (https://www.downtoearth.org.in/news/agriculture/bihar-scrapped-apmc-act-mandi-system-14-years-ago-here-s-what-it-did-to-farmers-74534)
Protests around the world by Punjabi people Who live in countries such as Canada America Australia and so on and so forth are so important because India needs to know that we will not let them repeat history and we will no longer I stand aside as they kill our people with their unjust laws, theyre unfair treatment and their orchestrated genocides. This time the world is watching and around the world weve grown up hearing stories about 1984 in the way the government has treated our people and this time we will not be quiet and we will stand with the farmers protesting and we will make sure that the world is watching so India doesnt do what they have gotten away with in the past.
black day for farmers..... big loss for us as farmer  .....
For the sake of stability in punjab i.e. to stop khalistani successionist activities this is an okay step but farmers of India have lost the opportunity for innovative growth.  This is the failure of BJP there lack of (transparency, accountability and consensus making) or (lack of basic democratic values) led to this stupidity.
Who will take responsibility if corporates exploit farmers and how long farmers should visit police and court
Sir,Thankyou for supporting farmers and I appreciate your courage
The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldnt still be a farmer.
So the farmers were so happy with the present corrupt impoverishing system that sent so many of them  went to untimely deaths by suicide.  Now they are objecting to a new regime that will free them of the  politicians corrosive control and allow them to become entrepreneurs  who will flourish on the basis of merit and competence .  That is how the private sector in India and in the rest of the world operates.  Do businessmen, lawyers ,  house maids, doctors  have MSP established by the government? Why do farmers want to continue to live abject lives of misery and be a captive vote bank of one political party or another?  Are they so accustomed to bondage that they fear freedom?
I really don't know if it's bad or good , mandis involves middle man the government has brought in corporates to fix a fair price, ofcourse at the cost of becoming capitalist society
Salute to farmers
That is called the real meaning of Contract farming Ambani and Adani want all farmers will work for them and they will make huge profits Point to be noted that All Farm Produce consumption company will depend on storage facilitier ( Ambani and Adani ) 
India Mai 29 states hai andolan sirf Congress bale state Mai hi ho Raha hai
Have you ever compared these laws with other countries why only few states of farmers are doing this 
Farmers are happy all over India only Punjab and a few farmers in haryana
Third law simply allows private players to store farm produces, which was not allowed as india was deficient in food production and govt feared hoarding. Now India has so much food grain production that it can't consume what it produces.
I'm not a farmer. I don't pretend to understand agriculture. But I love these farmers. And their right to protest for their rights. Such peaceful, caring and forthright people. Love from South India.
*Do you know Greta Thunberg has give Toolkit to spread this negative rumors about farms bill. She got paid for that... You didn't know that... oh you even don't know the 3 laws either Go research 1st it's was a law to increase farmers income  by remove the brokers.*
Agar small farmers gareeb hi rahna chate hai toh rahne do Or rich farmers or rich banege at the end small farmers ki crop purchase rich farmers ko karni hoti hai last year jab hamne apni crop sell ki thi toh 1200 per bag  sell hui Ab usme fertilizer ki cost nikal de toh kya bacha 20 thousands ka profit for 6 month hard work even in small company are paying 20thousand per month to freshers this is tha victory of not farmers it's the victory of only rich farmers /Ahdtis
India is on streets. Who is voting modi?
Every citizen of India must watch the Rajya sabha video of passing these bills.
WTO and many countries pressing India to end the subsidies on the crops under fare trade policies under the global trade ecosystem then how India will be able to give more subsidies and msp?
"BJP IT cell head from Delhi resigns, claims party is misleading people". Support with the Farmers! God Bless the Farmers
Support from China, envy India's democratic protest !
I am a son of farmer  Thanks sir for this video now I understand it and I tell others also about it
Truth is most of the traders are politically active and big farmers that's why all the protest in the name of Farmers Agitation. Actually they are opposing the opportunity to improve the life of normal farmers. Yes few things required amendment in current bill. Like gaurantee of MSP and draft of contract needs to be defined by government as farmers don't have better access to big lawyers and there is a big chance of MNC exploit poor farmers. But it's going to open window for farmers to improve their life.
God bless you and the farmers.
Government is helping them to get prices for farmers as they can sell the produce to any states with MSP. Or above it.
While I am not saying that the laws are 100% fool proof, the BJP government is attempting to bring in the change. People always resist change, they don't want to come out of comfort zone. The real growth is actually in embracing that and going forward with new change. I say, try for sometime with farm bills let the govt and the farmer group collect data and then propose their findings and take action accordingly.
Proud to be a farmer 
Very true, very powerful speech. Whole India should stand together, specially common people, if these bills and policies stays poverty will increase, more farmers will commit suicides because they cannot survive with these unfair policies.  Moreover things such as atta, rice and other basic things will become very expensive to buy. Working class will struggle to make a monthly budget and farmers will not survive
Absolutely wrong picture showcased here .. the farmer laws are for betterment of farmers, its increasing their scope of market ... 90% of Indian farmers are in favor of the law  and a mere sponsored thousands of them can undo the good law which will uplift the standard of living for farmers of my country . Govt held multiple meetings to address their concerns but they have been brought here with agenda to create confusion and hinder the progressive steps taken by govt. 90% of them donot know what the law states ad why they are there . ..It is very unfortunate situation and some paid biased media do all what they can to misinterpret the laws...
Farmers have been protesting for their livelihood in delhi, so that they can feed you and their families
Im not born or raised in India but I know the issues formers have and no government leave there ppl to die in cold weather if the government cant take care of there ppl then government should be removed.other thing Indian media have no guts to say truth if you live in USA or Canada media allot to speak all the best to farmers
We stand with our kisan brothers from Pakistan From Sargodha 
india to the farmers directly to their bank account which punjab state farmers unions are opposed it because lot of the food grains
Illiterate farmers of India don't know that how much harm they did to themselves. Why on earth they want intermediary come between them and customers.
Actually BJP Party is now ruling like as 'apne baap ka sarkar h'!! & this is ridiculous 
These reforms should have gone through, states in India which have similar laws have sustainable, diversified and profitable. These are fools, Punjab will be a desert soon
For 2, farmers will make more money. Way more. They can at least save 15% tax levied by the state government in case they sell outside Mandi. 
Yes if these fake farmer's protest was democratic tthen why these people attack on Red Fort and why some tractors were written as "khalistani" why tell me Dhruv why
Our government is really great they listen and do what the farmers want them to do really appreciate my government's work. No matter that farmers were wrong or may be right
If they love india and are so much attached to their nation, why did they leave India? There is no doubt there can be discussion on the bills, but if you are adamant enough to not discuss it, you are doomed. None of the protesters have read the bill, and those who have done so are perpetuating fake news about the bill. They should come to the discussion table and talk their grievances out.
Minimum Supporting price is not for all the crops grown by farmers. As you said price discovery is happening in  APMC. Is it not good if there is a price agreement before sowing itself, atleast there will be a assured buyer. Presently farmers are growing thinking that there will be a buyer from somewhere for their produce and unfortunately many a times they are throwing their produce on the roads and committing suicides. I have studied in agricultural University and we were taught about the advantages of contract farming. When buyer also will have assured price for his supplies and he can also proceed further with his  processing. I don't know why this is painted with communist or socialist angle. When a shirt or pizza can have a price before selling, why not farmers produce. Pl make a deeper study and analyse.
Those Indian who are saying Trevor is doing good job by covering this issue, please check at 0:02 he is showing wrong Indian map and show part of Indian in Pakistan. 
Therefore, India WAS a powerful nation with a robust economy before modi gov.
Such a shameless anchor she is. She is openly saying 700+ shaheed farmers means nothing. Shame on you !
       .       1)       ,       open      . open  product  price MSP      .MSP    ..  view  .2 )       .    .        ..  main   ,spices             .         .3)          ,,  open        . state gov    .     .   .4 ) APMC  MSP price            MSP       . ..5) 2        payment     .6) 3       .     .         . 1 -      . .           ?
What a Unity among the Punjabis.. As a nation, we and the world need to learn from them.. Unity is the real strength.. God bless farmers!
if surplus is grown compared to need to nation, farmers will sell less than  MSP in black market. and corporate who already bought regular consumption of country wont be able to sell.  their cannot be one MSP for all goods and vegetables. and if wheat and rice and pulses have diff MSP, farmers will grow only one thing just like INDIGO.
Let's accept that this farm law was just an outcome of Crony capitalism and so India rejected it. It was a victory for India's economic future. Don't take it personally.
Actually they r not against the law,  they r againat bjp nd modi gov't only.
Many important bills including the three farm laws that were repealed recently did not get discussed in parliamentary committees. ..
Why only Punjab And hariyana's Farmers are protesting not in other state ? Can anyone please Explain me ? 
Can't the farmers form cooperatives and control their entire supply chain produce, processing to selling+exports? If the government deregulates(fails to protect the people) coming together into cooperatives that develop and market products presents a greater longterm advantage and gains.
It is saying that these two items can't be sold less than the price that is less than MSP. 
Tax de to rhe hai inki free bijli, subsidy k liye,,,,srplus wheat paddy xport kiu nhi hoti????yhi govt hmko  khilati hai,, ye foreign se aakr bisleri kiu pite hai???cancer train kiu hai???watrlevel ko xpert Jane kitne years se short mcha rhe hai,, prali burn k alawa koi option nhi Kya,,,mtlb sarkar kre Jo kre,,Sanu msp do.. competition nhi....
Actually your government was in favour with corporate system not with farmers
It's not about actually helping the farmers but it's all about making themselves feel better!
Need a similar workers' movement in Pakistan, but our big bad wolf is the military corporation. Just look up Okara military farms, where military has occupied farming land and the local farmers have been fighting their own fight without any help from anyone and a country wide media blackout
even popular leaders bow down when polls are upcoming. Farm laws were good if there would have been some minor changes and would greatly help farmers and economy.
The laws would affect every farmer in India but why is the protest only in Punjab? Still dont understand that part..
Police will be in place of farmers tomorrow. Support farmers NOW Join your brothers.
firing tear gas on farmers govt is shameless
Bjp is happy attention has moved from farm bill to hatras case. Now they can easily  include Ambani and adani in the largest possible and never ending money generator called indian agriculture where a billion mouths are fed continuosly and these corporates can gain a buck on every gram of produce that's sold. 
It costed death of 700 farmers.
Comment section is so funny. People are discussing like they are farmers 
I dont know if anyone understood the solution, if you subsidise mono culture farming then farmers wont go to poly . 3 farms were meant to address this.. Private players can invest in different crops because it is cheaper to cultivate locally than importing. Problem is b4 government could take this point to farmers and all opposition used their tactic to bring in 70 yrs of farmer problems in to this. People with right mind will understand what happened
Why the Farmers/others r on the Road seience Five Months
People suffer in this Tughlaq govt. Demonitization, GST, CAA, farm laws, petrol hikes, .... Impose overnight without knowing implications and sometimes withdraw unnoticed after damage just to safeguard BJP. Another big failure in the cap of BJP, dissolve and impose President rule, save nation and its citizens from further hardships.
We should support the protest Against devastating laws
9. Currently, in India, our Government has MSP for 23 crops.
The reporter Yogita Limaye ,though a BBC Indian correspondent didn't pronounce the word "Pomp" properly when she was describing the Republican day march past.She said " Pop" which seems ludicrous.
#westandwithfarmers
Mam I think u forgot to tell that why farmers are protesting against these 3 three bills.
Power of  farmers unity
Thankyou for addressing farmers as farmers
Nothing in this video I found that the new bills are against Farmers.
I really love you bro for showing us the ground realty and the strategy our Farmers using to continue their agitation without fail.. a big salute to our Farmers....
Andolan proved that a few peasants armed with tractors and accompanied by the Nihang Sikh Guru di fauj, can bring down the government of India and over rule the parliament!  Wah India Wah India
*Jai Shree Ram              Jai Hind                                       Happy Birthday MODI Ji     &    Congratulation to India on 2.2 crore vaccine jabs today*
To help the farmers there are many ways.
I guarantee u  ,those protestors won't go back ,they r not farmers
If you kick them in ballot they will fall  over on farmers law...such a nice kick... I like it Indian voters...
Haths off to effort being put in to beautifully portray the core reasons of the #farmerprotest.
These farm laws were not there for last 50 years but farmer suicides were there. There is no correlation between these two things. I dont know why people think that if these laws are taken back things will be better.
Is our country only listening to Punjab and Haryana what about others who appreciated the laws and earning benefits from it....
Can you make a video on Abhinav farmers group. It's a farming movement.
700 Farmers Jo mare Hain Apne Abba ki chaplosi se free ho tou un per bhi bolna
1.  The Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill
We would like to emphasize that these protests must be seen in the context of Indias democratic ethos and polity, and the efforts of the Government and the concerned farmer groups to resolve the impasse.
Hame farmers ko new farming concepts train karna chahiye.aj bhi kishan bel ka istamal karte he.bina soil test,weather knowledge ke mostly rice ya wheat katre he.iske alaba gov.ko har khet me irrigation,bio compost,auur storage facility karna chahiye.ek dedicated education system rahna chahiye,farmers ke liye...
So how anyone can say removing APMC will give the better opportunities to farmers
Can clearly tell the position of the BBC is not on the side of the farmers based on the questions the interviewer is told to ask, trying to make it seem like the farmers are the bad guys.
China will support your khalistan freedom forever,remember ,sihk people enemy is india not China,1984 Indira evil action get karma,but sihk people not get justice.Many sihk sodier in ladahk stand off,you be used as cannon fodders of India,just see what happened in delhi and the police beat your bothers and familys,you should know what the direction of you guns.
Farmers you deserve a big salute ! And my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest. The FAKE BJP govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions. However what they need to understand is propogating same lie in different versions doesn't hide or change the reality. Farmers
My family were wheat and sheep farmers in the British Isles and Australia from traceable history until I was a little boy. The constant loaning of money to finance the next crop and just scraping by is nothing new, it's been happening for decades and decades. We need to find a solution to this globally or we will all starve. Farmers literally put food on our tables.
I wish BJP loses in the elections. I so do!
even BJP members don't know what these bills for
Almost 90 percent of people from delhi with farmers 
Farm reforms are sensitive in india and only a resolute and determined govt dare act on it.
The farmers get to directly do trade deals with private ownerships without middle men so they won't be scammed by middle men, and also they would be able to settle the prices for their own goods,and they will obviously settle for higher prices than what they get from the msp system, hence making them richer. Most global economists have supported the move as well. Most political parties in India promised to bring similar reforms as well because it was suggested by farmer unions themselves. The Congress govt promised to bring similar reforms in their 2019 election manifesto,but now  they have taken a uturn and are against the laws for some reason. China implemented similar laws in the 60s and their farmers became richer, Israel as well, and also the US. And if farmers work with private ownerships agricultural tech could become better in the country,which could simplify and solve a lot of farmers problems. I find it funny that Greta is against the laws. The laws criminalizes stubble burning, a major source of pollution in the country, so it can reduce pollution,isn't she a climate activist?
Sir you are doing great work but I can't see the future of our country so  bright I am very worried sir it is going very wrong and it is not a democracy any more it's just for a name the country will be ruined if BJP's government came again it's the time we all need to be together and now India need a big big revolution i am very scared that there is no more freedom and feel of security
@Amit sengupta sir superb expllination by you sir on the 3 farm laws. As  we all know every coin has 2 sides in the same way these farm laws has some pros and cons. So when government thinking about double the farmer's income in the same way for boosting the farmers income they want the private sector organisations come forward through these laws. So for making the balance in both farmers and private oraganisation these laws are much helpful. If there is any problem in these laws then farmer should come forward and seat and talk with the government. The government is ready to made ammendments in it.
Truth is no other farmers from India supports this protest
The Govt needs to get off its high horse and engage with humility with the farmers. The protests are centric only to Punjab and Haryana but the repercussions are India-wide. MSP is an important reference point for pricing as it takes into account the costs involved. 
This farmer is in right. Indian Government should step back the illegal stance about the farmer's policies otherwise no one can stop the Khalistan Movement. Salute this Farmer.
I want u to be more vocal and tell these ONLY FARMERS OF PUNJAB, to stop blocking delhi by stating that they have 4 months ration ,they'll not talk to central govt. And other shitts just bcz of their egos !!!
I wasn't able to get the idea about why the farmers are protesting so much no matter how much I researched. Thanks it's really informative
As someone coming from China, I'm so proud of Indian farmers who chose to come out bravely demanding their rights. Would love to see that we Chinese have the same sense of justice one day.
Blame the Punjabi farmer cartel.
With whome these law were discussed  how come businessmen dealing with agricultural  goods like insurance companies  medicine  companies  tractor companies  dealers in cash or grains  financial  companies  fertilizer  companies  are million or and farmer are poor
It is a historic Bill . I completely support it .
You are mistaken. Farmers have not blocked the Road. They wanted to protest in the traditional RAM LEELA Maidan in Delhi. To prevent them from going to the protest site Police have blocked the Roads.
 Situation of Farmers and Agriculture in India is bad or is good.
Time has come to Support SIKH/FARMER in return. 
Are those farmer holding maoist flags?
I will support the farmer protest when real farmers come not UPA workers
Please make more videos on farmers protest.
Power of BJP, RSS, Union Govt. People who voted are paying price now.
Q1 should a farm product only be sold in APMC mandis. 
I am with farmers 
Jai hind Sri ( pm) andyour policy is good we shalut you and I hope you is time, you make come time big india  and king india in world. Jai hind jai jowan jai kisan.
If Government set barricades that's why farmers broke them! It's not a big deal to repeal 3 black laws then from 6 months what is government waiting for? For violence only! How much patience can a human being have ? How much farmers will tolerate?
May Allah protect all you farmers I pray for you brothers!!!
Well played modi ji
Nobodys beat punjab farmers 
Aur wo 2 states hai PUNJAB AND HARYANA 
I'm a Indian farmer.. I support government low..  (farmers bill)
I trust MODI JI
2. Undivided Indian Punjab (with Himachal)
I have a question sr why the government can't  nationalise the reliance stores and Spencer like destinations of farmer produce storehouses. It can also increase employment in our country and if reliance can do that why the government can't do that ,it will also create a liability of trustworthiness to not let hoarding happen of our farming produce
Total population of farmer in india is 100 million, I thik there is some mistake in toolkit leaked by a dumm girl greta 
  in power by  taking support of any party if needs.....but throw BJP out of power......wish U & AAP all the Best....
Farmers won the match
Jaruri nahi hai ki farmer jo decision le apne liye vo bhi long term Mein acha ho as fir jimedari lene ke liye nahi hoga agar decision galat hua toh..... Govt ka faisla galat hai govt ka gala pakdo, par jab janta ka faisla galat ho tab....... Farming se bhot log hat rahe hai usse profit business banaya jayega tabhi koi non farmer bhi farmer banega.... Farmer ke bache bhi farmer banenge uska kitna chance hai......farming Matlab Sirf farming nahi hota uss Mein automobile, banking, chemical, electricity, water, animal husbandry aur bhi bhot department hote hai,..... Until unless farming mein har stage ke person ko profit nahi hoga toh vo naya research and development neya tech kyun lagayega.... Abhi Sirf farmers apna hit dekh rhe hai.... ye sab bhi dekhna padta hai koi decision lete samay
Govt fully support corporate not farmers
Why only Punjab and Haryana states are protesting against this bill. Farmers of other states seem okay with this bill
Bagat SIngh,....golden temple massacre ......now 700 farmers killed including the run over of car by minister's son. Wait and see....Newton's third law bothered BJP.
Indian farmers who are against these exploitative bills are not against privatization like Modi fanboys make it out to be. In fact, farmers adopted privatization years ago, and had been just asking for regulations to help prevent exploitation like happening in Bihar but these Bills encourage that sort of exploitation.
are the new maharaja and BJP MODI going over the moon for them to take control.
I totally agree with you but I have a question here to all politician and all administrative officer , why kissan are using pestiside to grow corps ? Whi can't you pass any bill where you can stop the use of harmful pestiside . To make more profit all are using such pestiside which are harmful , I know these pestiside are sold by licenced shop so why they can not pass bill for such things ? Why we need to kick a poor farmers belly . Modi govt thought power can do everything but it is not true , read history book and take lesson . Bring bill for corrupted politician , bring bill for corrupted political system , bring bill for for those administrators who does  not  work properly .
1:04 shaantipoorna?? bhutni ke jo 26th Jan ko hua wo shaanti poorn tha?? I agree these laws were not beneficial for farmers from the start, but saying that this whole protest has been peacefull is not correct, a lot of anti national elements were taking over this protest to fuel their personal agendas, Khalistan movement somehow got associated, I don't how and it should not have been. And blocking roads was never a good option, protests are meant for the better running of a democracy and not prove to be pain in the a*s for the common people.
*Thank you for Supporting farmers*
If these laws are implemented, what is the likelihood that Indian commodity prices could influence International commodity prices in turn influencing MCX and NCDEX..? Is it possible for Big corporates to influence the MCX and NCDEX if they can regulate the domestic commodity prices within the limit of the Acts..?
Allah bless farmers and also them how cares about their pain.
Minimum Support price or MSP is still applicable and no place government is saying they are taking away.
Hats of to the farmer protesting in such a peaceful and organised manner.
Alternate title: A Farmer shuts up an arrogant policeman's mouth
Did anyone notice only punjabi farmers are protesting and some farmer unions have come out in support of the reforms. When you read more you will understand why are they being called anti nationals
Ravish Ji you show the good prime show we proud for your work godi media destroy the democracy but you try live democracy this is tamtacha on bjp and godi media
I understood this bill but why are the farmers protesting?
with new bill, Indian government will not be responsible for farmers products, and all pushed into market , however, India's farming is very low efficiency, India has 25% more arable land than China, but the total yield is only less than 1/2 of China's, the low efficiency means high cost, India's grain has not much profit space to compete in world market, Ambanis, can simply import from world market,  and sell to India, and at the same time, they can use it to set the price for the grain or other agriculture products to form monopoly too, India farmers and ordinary people will suffer , only Ambanis got huge benefit.
We all are with u my farmers we all love u don't fell sade we are with u
Punjab and Haryana farmers are in the same boat. Modi is just thinking about the smart money hungry farmers of gujrat.
Go back six years , the news was all about farmers suicides....Ever heard of a middle man committing suicide? These are the people the current government is trying to bell!!
Indian farmers helped Indian economy throughout, and are still helping during these times when Indian economy is in shambles.
Punjab will soon be left behind by MP and UP in terms of wheat/paddy cultivation.....Haryana has managed to partly shift it's economy away from agriculture, so the question is, what will Punjab do then??
Kisan ke liye kya Pehle azadi nahi thi fasal bachne ki dusre state me  ? Private mandi kyu ? Inki tarah idiot ka interview kyu liya ? Please explain how it was beneficial instead of stupid reputation of BJP line .
Congratulations to farmers. Great victory of farmers.
Farmers are serious but people are not serious about farm bill they should support farmers who are providing us food
2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell  to any where in india to any one .
SALUTE RAJIV GANDHI computer in India by Rajiv Gandhi..Manmohan Singh with 123 nuclear deal..opposed by opposition...but he Stand by Computerization of India...Bold decision by Rajiv Gandhi & Manmohan..I hate present congress
Why implement laws that farmers does not want??
i dont totally disagree with rihanna and greta but they dont have complete info on this topic. recently greta had released a toolkit for this and then she ig deleted or edited it and dont think i support the govt because my extended family are also medium scale farmers and in the state i come from there's a lot of farmers who had committed suicide before the govt stepped is with the banks to provide them cheap loans which still barely cut the suicide rates by half so i get where the farmers are coming from
MSP is no different than Reservation in Indian society. Some benefit repeatedly and in large nation pays in poor performance, higher price and poor quality.
1. Make a ceiling of purchase for private players (in terms of volume). For essential commodities that % should be more strict except contract farming. For e.g as potato is under essential commodity, the max procurement volume of private players would be 40% of total produce, whereas for non essential commodities that ceiling would be 60%. This way we can keep Madi system operational giving less exposure to mandi middle men who are exploiting farmers (that% can be decided by separate committee) . 
You dont mess with farmers and soldiers
Under this arrogant modi govt we didn't get justice for murdering  justice loya how can we expect justice in this innocent murdering of farmers.
They are not farmers first they are brokers
How cruel this bjp modi ji party ..hurted sikhs allotted
Indian other than punjab haryana b like  background song is lit  
First peoples learn about farmers bill, there giving that farmers can sell there products anywhere as in msp, or industry or retials in India only Punjab and haryana states people's are protesting
Most of Farmers think your actions have wounded them..... Plz you can do better than that..
2020 kisaan andolan  made a historic victory. Must be included in national syllabus of school history books.
You are great , you are supporting farmers . Thank you very much ,
Pappu,  Dakait & big rich farmers from Punjab r responsible .
If the Government is giving a legislative backing to MSP, it should be done by keeping in view all kinds of farmers,  not just those from Haryana and Punjab who can come to Delhi and create cvil disorder. Is not a person from Kerala growing cashew and rubber a farmer? 
Basically monopoly of rich punjabi farmer is being banished. In a open system they would be forced to compete with farmers all over India. Shameful.
A fantastic explanation. One of the few point that could be added is that earlier also Big farmers had the best part of the pie, however now govt. Is emphasize upon the FPOs, SHGs that pool the resources small farmers ( Amul Model), so now even the small farmers can get the right prices for their product.
Against the farm bill
Khalistani supporters thode time k liye berozgar ho jayenge.
Sack the minister and Save the face...Modi Ji...
This is what this community stands for togetherness  sending blessings to all our farmers
A farmer or a normal regular person can't make an attempt to even kill an animal with this brutality. This clearly states that they were goons of any political outfit working under kisan andolan outfit. Hope the govt bring them to justice.
That's a very good song related to farmers. 
Technology harming farmers ka point of view bhi laayiye hume 2050 ko unliveable nhi banana
Not sure if you have consider all their concern. They are thinking that their land will be seized. Which act or section will make that happen if that is at all possible ?Exploitation happens all over the world. In india  its contract or daily wage worker as well who get exploited. People needs to be educated rest all will be taken care.
Congratulations to all the farmers!!!
but govt never said it'll stop msp. msp will anyways prevail, it is upto the farmer to goto mandi or a pvt contractor
India Today how low will you stoop to save BJP.
These laws are taken back not because Government care for farmers....this is because upcoming elections in UP, Punjab, Uttarakhand
they are not Indian they are khalistaniiiii
You can check the internet that under PM Modi, India slipped ranking in democracy, gender gap, women safety and much more.
If farmers sit in the middle of the road they will get crushed.
They are also worried that in case of a dispute with a private purchaser (corporates), the poor farmers will be left powerless to defend themselves.
This is my first time commenting. I'm a new subscriber and I just found your Channel. I have a few friends in India and I plan on coming to visit India when the pandemic has changed, or is over with. As an American, I found India television to be quite different, {read very strange and odd}. Thank you so much for explaining this farm bill. You did an excellent job. And I also love your humor. Especially when you cough and said Pakistan real fast. That was very funny. I look forward to seeing more of your videos. And please know that your audience isn't just an India. But worldwide. In fact, I think you have quite a few Americans who enjoy watching your channel too. Keep up the good work.
It's also important to make necessary amendments regarding the concept of MSP by adding a clause or section whatever. (This should be done after all the necessary discussions from the leading Agricultural Unions in the country or to be more precise, it can be done by developing an app where any farmer from any part of country can give his/her opinions on this matter.) 
Discussion must be took placed with farmers prior to passing bill if BJP acted behalf of farmer's welfare.this is ambani and adani tricks.It is right time for all Indian to united along with farmers to protest against privatsation.Pls look at the price rise for food and in fuel to all commodities.corpoate companies are become rich and hardworking people become poor under BJP leadership. Farmers has open the eyes of others.this is wake up call why petrol price in india always raising each and every seconds?not reducing while international market price drop.it is in Government hand or private hand??........
Then I get why Modi is destroying farmers, he wants them to do something else.
Do you call those politically motivated people a farmer, doing rally burning tractors?  Go to ground level and talk to a simple farmer. You will know the truth.
These bills are better than previously bills ...am not telling it's peaks ..but it's some better to farmers ...am also farmers family from Andhra
Its sad how a group of farmers from Punjab and UP decide what is good and what is bad for all the farmers in the entire country.
*there are very small to no protests and rallies in other part of India besides Punjab and Hariyana
These laws are will benifit farmers in long run, yes... farmers have have their concerns. And yes.... They shouldn't be treated like this..... But But but when govt says it's responsible for these laws and pds and msp are not diverse it has point too and no one is talking about it,its not fair only some ppl getting benifited by previous law, if not now we cannot change this even in future. Spoonfedding rich farmers need to be stopped
Salute the 700 brave farmers who lost their lives in this fight for survival.
The best video I have come across regarding Farm bills
Those who know modi ji even 1% they will assured some planning is running behind the scenes . Coz the person who didn't repealed demonisation ,GST and CAA and never feared if any election ,how he can repealed Farm bills ?
Cartel to trader kbi b bna skte h..APMC ka uska relation n hai...farmer ki bargaining power n hoti...APMC atleast MSP to scure krta tha..pr ab farmer ko market k bhroshe chor dia hai to MSP milna ab koi gurrantee n hai...industry to price km s km hi offer kregi apne faide k lia..farmer ka is bill se loss zyda hai qki uski ek minimum price ki security hat gyi hai
Bill is pro-farmer.
Votes and elections do matter a lot to politicians.. All of a sudden fuel prices are cut, not incressing daily.. now this after a year.. What next? All politicians and parties are same... God knows when ppl will wake up..
U are thinking that everything will be work good in future Same farm bills are already enforced in bihar. Then they should be rich or have double income according to modi and nitish. Will this government ever be capable to give high amount of  subsidy to farmers??Just stop copying foriegn type marketing system 
I'm watching this video after farmers protest and my father is a policeman while my uncle is a farmer and I m ashamed to say that any of them don't know the ground reality they just criticize the bill without realising how important it is do they know that India lost millions of dollars of investment in the past few years which could have gone into the accounts of the farmers, do they know that government is running out of stocking areas and do they know that we import half of the grainery do they know anything about anything at all do they know that change is necessary in order to grow maybe it's not a good bipl but you will never know until you let it work for a while, if you don't like it you ask it to be amended the way you want but just because you can protest doesn't mean you can do anything showing sympathy to everyone is good but one more thing recieving respect in return is just as important. And ask them which box of World Trade organization contains the provisions of farmers subsidy and I bet they might have never even heard of it it breaks my heart to see that you support and go against people without checking facts  and one more thing I am not against farmers or in support of government but I will say I don't want anyone to suffer and by anyone I mean anyone coz I relate to both sides and I know how scared I was for my father yesterday, the fear you might never understand...
FARMER LEADERS THEMSELVES SAID THAT DECISIONS REGARDING AGRICULTURE ARE UNDER STATE GOVT. WHICH IS TRUE, SO GUESS WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PRESENT CONDITION.
2:13 did u see that shameless woman repooplick repeorter trying to put the blame on farmers
BJP is misguided thinking it's conspiracy but there is 75 percent real farmers only 25 percent are congressy and others...must listen to them don't be so unilateral...
The water and electricity given to farmers should be regulated and monitored.
very nice explained in same way can we map what farmers need change in the above ??
News in its truest form and the actual emotions of the farmers are rightly documented in this video. Hats off to Lallantop!!
God save this poor farmers
Thank you so much for your support !  You are not like godi media .
Madam if farmer bill good, then why government apply on MSP all crops,
As if only Punjab and Haryana have farmers. The rest of the country's farmers who were to benefit escaping clutches of the Mandis. Screw them right? Political exigencies over ride the legal, factual and overall high ground the Govt had held. You have stand for ideology and aims. It what brought and keeps the BJP in power. This is weak.
Dear Dhruv, repealing of 3 farm laws were indeed historic moment in India in many ways. One of it is giving life to dying democracy. Please analyze this whole movement and make a video on it. 1) How to make a movement successful in tough times, as we have seen many movements failing like CAA ... . 2) Several small genuine movements have failed, what they should learn from this epic victory. DEMOCRACY MUST LIVE.
Those who are opposing are not farmers. They are dalals so plz let's not call them farmers.
Lands from them . This two way work is functional in many developed countries. If you think you are educated then first have a research on this then mark your opinion because your opinion can change someone else. And tell me why only 6% farmers are against of it the reason is that they are wealthier section of farmers who do not need any change but farmers of jharkhand Bihar like States need new ways .Now our India is at a verge of development in all over world , we are becoming global leaders so some anti national elements are working to change this government anyhow by hook or by crook.
Please do a story on Indian media and IT cell of BJP
What. You have said sir is that govt take masures for farmers even i not know how that these little farmers know you are best speaker that i had even listened i request u to plz provide these information to farmers by making small team we will promise that wil definitely help you whenever you need our support thank u sir
Thanks Modiji for taking natural farming initiative ...
don't  you  understand  ,,,what  the  farmers  new  law  says
Comment to all my Farmer Protestors :: , I can understand. One thing i want to point out you is " just tell me  are there farmers only in Punjab, Haryana and UP and they shall make loss with this Bill? Why not the Farmers of  rest  of  India protect it? What is the Politics  behind this sponsored Farmer Protection, Indians alongwith me want to know. If you justified this then sure I shall become Devotee of Tikayat ji.
After so long the sacrifice of our farmers has brought the results.is tana Shah sarkar KO kisano se apne gutnon pe ane ke liye majbur kar Diya Kisan hamere desh ki read ki haddi hai. I feel so blessed today Jay jawan jai kisan kisan Ekta jindabad
Everyone is telling we support farmer bhai support Ghar baath krr Nahi Hoga Jo log Delhi mien Kam se Kam Woh toh protest mien help krro
Sir there is lot of Corruption in county. If SDM take money from buyer than what will farmer do and how can buyer check quality online from app? and when farmer reach to buyer and he rejected the crop then he have to return on expenses they go and return without money
Those aren't farmers those are Khalistani protesters. Farmers are in India .
Please don't get brainwashed this time on election and vote against BJP
Where are the farmers now my boy. 50 %of Indian population are directly connected to farming. If they vote against recent government recent government loose in next election. Let's see what happens in India. I am 100% sure about next election BJP will win 
You are not telling us how the present situation working ..... how farmer get RS 2  on onion and we buy it from market at RS 50 ..... and result they get nothing on their own product ............... I wasted my 40 minutes
Regulatedmarket corruption ne karanam akum. Indian farmer  n climate change neruduvan shakthiyilla, climate change ne marikadakuvan capital and scientific knowledge avisham anu. Ayathinal nammal corporate farming nu vazhi marunathalle  nallathu.
Support your family and suport with your parents and support farmers and support soldiers and support teacher these must be done in your life before you die and also respect them and be a good one then you will get good place in heaven good luck everyone 
You are not showing whole story... Greta and Rihana tweets... You need to know more before telling others... Also you need to read the farm laws properly... Only few farmers are protesting against this in North India others are very happy about it because they are free to sell their products however they want, they can do it as they were doing before... These are optional laws
Not happy with the govt outrightly repealing the law. It should have been amended if flaws are there. It may act as catalyst for other protests across country so what will be the govts action for other similar protests then we have to see... Highly disappointed with the govt repealing the law under pressure where the protestors have caused mayhem and ruckus in and around delhi. I don't know why there were no protests around other places in country except Delhi and ncr, aren't farmers everywhere in country or govt is bending it's ways for those who can afford to protest in and around delhi and not caring for other place farmers.
Some would say that Dhruv is against the ruling party (BJP)
Great research by Vox team and they explained very well. Indian Godi media must learn from them
Somebody, Please help me understand. Before introduction of these farm bills, was everything alright with the agricultural sector ? Weren't middlemen making the most profits ? Weren't the farmers being taken advantage of ? Weren't there farmer suicides because the farmers were not able to make ends meet and repay loans ?  Wasn't there a lack of proper storage to prevent wastage ? Weren't there instances, when farmers left their produce on roads because the prices being offered were extremely low ? Weren't the end consumers ( ordinary people like me ) paying more than double of what the farmer got paid ? I feel ( this is my personal opinion ) that the end consumer was paying much more than double.  PLEASE SUGGEST WHAT WOULD BE GOOD TO HELP FARMERS AND THE AGRICULTURAL SECTOR.
update - 85% of farmers' organizations did support the laws. so who are these 250 million? wait. 250 million? no way.
Thanks for supporting farmer bro as I am the son of farmer
Haads of to my farmers (brother and sister) and JAI JAWAN AUR JAI KISHAN...
When farmers are against this law, why the hell Modi government is forcing them to accept this law. This itself proves that this law is not for farmers and for corporates like Ambani n Adani only. Hats off to this brave farmers.
So either the farmers should be guided to grow these pulses and the Govt should import them early on.
Something not related to the topic of the farm bills but rather to the exploitation done by ola/uber. Another way these companies have exploited consumers is to adjust intercity borders in such a way that you would have to pay extra. I have seen it first hand. In Bhopal schools are generally in the outskirts of the city. For a long time all was fine but soon the intercity borders were shifted in shuch a way that if you wanted to take a cab from the school to your home, it would come into an intercity ride making the fare more than double than before. And since the schools are in the outskirts of the city, public transportation options were also limited. So you had no other choice.
People should watch dr vikas divakirti sir to know about farm bill . How can people understand about a bill in just 15 minutes ?
This news is good news for farmers because long journey end... 
I see a lot of people paying respect to the farmers who died in the unrest as Marteyers. Then what about the police who died on the same incident no one is talking about them. As this channels motto says question everything..
Under existing old farm laws can somebody explain at least ten good points to all citizens which is presently enabling farmers to earn respectful living, without getting debt trap, get good price in open market,not resorting to suicide which is happening almost on daily basis across India. Also where under old farm law MSP is mentioned. 
They are not farmers thy are violators of laws government is asking them to have a seat with them for solution but they dont want to do so and intellectual sharing views on your channel is telling one sided story....
Rich people don't feel the pain what the middle class and lower middle class feel. So feed bk fm cp or south  ex vl be different fm other areas. Farmers till date work v v hard.
Modi should apology to farmers
Kuch bhi kaho , Modiji bhashan accha dete hai ,  lot of humility shown
Respected, Vikas Sir, We proud on you & the way you clear everything on this topic with actual facts & also we should have to appreciate Sh. Narendra Modi G Govt. who take this initiative at their own political risk for our farmers & for our country. Jai Bharat, Jai Hind
Now just a side note, I am not a farmer neither belongs to a farming family and therefore I am not qualified to judge anything but as a student in economics, I can certainly give a macro economic analysis of the overall situation. It might be long but if you have time, please read this out.
Arvind Sir, thank you, *Delhi* is the only Indian city in top 100 Best cities in the world .We all know why the Godi media and Indian politicians in the centre opposing you never spoke about this.  But the aware youth sees everything . I'm from Bengal and I support you ... I'm proud of the Delhi'tes who made this happen with the help of the Delhi Government.
Support Dhruv on most topics but disagree with this one. I dont think there is any country which implements MSP successfully. We think we are very unique among all the countries? Do we know of any budget estimates?
Congratulations to our Farmers... Better late then never -the farmers must be overjoyed after a long sad agitation but  why did BJP drag on ...so adamant  & so many farmers died and struggled on the roads  .. this pep talk is superficial it essentially a politic agenda
Incase if this bill Wat happens to many traders in market already  again ... unemployment problem and only bigger companies grow however negative of this is explained ... Incase if mandi policy and reforms re looked it can solve the problem ... without any change in the chain of the dependency of ppl working .. but.. however there are other points as well .. the bill looks good on papers and explaining when it comes to reality some things like transportation, manpower expense etc it would be very difficult to handle
Indian farms are inherited by family members from generation to generation. In each generation, the original plot of land gets subdivided among family members. So the average size of a farm is small in India, around 2.3 hectares. In contrast, U.S. farms are large, around 250 hectares.~
Kisan to bahut bhola hai, he had saved Indian economy during covid pandemic. But govt policies are against farmers. That's why they are committing suicide. As per govt data suicide rates are increasing.
I guess.....you're not showing second half of story.... That is....why the government isn't repealing.....its about the benefits to these farmers.....
I wonder how this problem relates to India's spectacular overpopulation.   Wasn't the Green Revolution a response to famine, a condition that existed under the old, displaced system of agriculture?  Today's farmers may be angry, but they're  also fat.
Once I went to my local sabzi market and saw a famer selling vegetables, he was selling freshest and greenest vegetables, and at lowest prices, and that did tasted better when cooked. In future I would love to buy from farmers directly.
It's hard to watch this video knowing the fact that it's been a year already and there is no possible resolution yet. government is cutting the hands which are feeding the whole country. it is a major issue of shame for all of us every time a farmer dies in the protest.
Excellent ma'am for your notes on FARM bills.
Trevor Noah should probably confine his comments to a country or a continent that he is reasonably familiar with rather than attempting to trivialize an issue that he or pretty much most people have no clue about. Before commenting on the protest by some misled farmers of two states in Northern India, people should attempt to find out why do these laws that are applicable to farmers across all 28 states of India are evoking resentment from the farmers of just two states in India.
When God is with you nothing can stop you and God is always with truth  Congratulations to farmers
Sir farmers winning protest
And lastly on my part I will say, a large part of Indian trade and commerce depends trust , n I m sorry to say the centre has done very poor in implementation of the bill . Demonization GST without proper planning. So this bill is going to be even bigger set back for the poor farmers.
@Trevor Noah , The farmers of my country are misleaded, they are asking to scratch the criminals charges form the all so called farmers supported brokers who had done many of offenses and crimes...the new laws gives them permission to sell their crops any where in india where the previously they are only supposed to sell them in their own state only, and it also premises them to sell it freely without a broker. Every laws are for their benifits only. And the ppl those who did a huge offense by driving trackors on cops, attacking them, attacking lady cops aswell , fighting with swords in the day of January 26, was very disappointing . We feel more then helpless to make protect our real farmers from the brokers.
Whatever... Why government haven't taken the confidence of farmers before placing bill in Parliament...
i have never seen such a bias reporter and channel in my life, why don't you rename zee news as BJP news
Kudos on a great overview and points for a continued struggle to save and democracy. Salute to the Farmers who organized and participated in the Protest Movement.
It would have been only the farmers facing the heat.
so at the end the consumers want the vegetable and grains at dead cheap price..... but the same consumers will shed crocodile tears for the poor farmer at the same time rt !!
They have put the city under seize, this was one shameful incident and I don't feel safe here. Home minister has clearly failed where we saw 2 riots in a small timeframe of 2 years first Hindu Muslim now farmers running riots in the capital!
I am totally against this farm bill. Farmers are our backbone. What the hell is govt. doin??
Don't underestimate power of normal Kishan. They are backbone of our Country , treat them as a freedom fighters. Our kishans are playing major role like soldiers because they are feeding to all Indian. . How the soldiers gain strength to defend our Country without food. Salute to Kishans.
Logo ko bhulna nhi chahiye ...15 August k din indian flag ka disrespect kiya gya tha ...kishan o k bich khalistani to ghuse the ye bat to confirm h ...dono taraf se bohot kuch hua ..ek trf bolk labh nhii
what about bjp workers being lynched by these so called farmers??
 2. Law specifically mentions that the farming contract cannot be linked with title of the land in any way. So false propoganda that farmers lands will be taken by corporates is not true and law prohibits such contracts. 
Give example of bihar where this type law was made in 2006 and how has been bihar farmers are now destroyed
Its Minimum support price ....maam ,, I think :)
The British Empire that created India treated farmers better than the current RSS Hindu rashtar extremists in govts. RSS got independence due to the WWII therefore they should not wait for another war for independence of farmers from Gujarati trader thugs.
Please don't make this a Sikh Vs Hindu govt issue. There is a huge number of Hindu farmers from Haryana who joined the protest and helped the Punjabi farmers to reach Delhi. 
Actually m nt an indian...bt my parents are farmer....I really like ur video....wow...continue to do this....keep up!!!u r gud human...
Let farmers decide what they want not politicians.
MODI SARKAR BOW DOWN AND REJECT THREE ANTI FARMERS ACT.
It is modi's preparation for upcoming elections in Punjab and Haryana
Their no relation between government and farmers
No farmers no food !!! Thank you god for this win.
Farmer protest jindabad you modi how dare you to da that 
A little innovation goes a long way. 1. move away from monoculture. 2. adopt perma culture and agro Forestry. 3. Enhance and bring horticulture into the scene. 4. move away from pesticides. 5. aggregate the irrigation and bring small farmers together and unify them. these just a few to begin with. I see a lot of opportunities for simply the supply demand network. Let's all become self sustaining population, politics and other factors should not affect our food supply, water and air quality.
First of all Khalistan connected Tikayet next Priyanka Akhilesh Yadav Raul Vinci as they only to prove that there has been riots during the GOLDEN era of Yogiji.
Support Indian farmers
Talking about farmers but have no knowledge about farming .
Now scooters are not vital for survival you could say, but food is. So imagine a worst case scenario, agro prices get controlled lower by the Adanis and Ambanis of the world by over stocking, and benefit is passed on to retail customer, and farmers run out of MSP incentive as APMC markets start losing ground. What will happen? More farmers in debt, land will be taken up by big corporates and they will start farming the land themselves? Definitely possible. But, how is it any different from Zamindars or APMC farming cartels taking control - which already did happen and continues to happen where it can. And is prevented by farmers unions and governments where it can. So why will it be any different? If the farmers get destroyed then Government will anyways need to step in, No?
Due to all these andolan the public suffers the most. There r many emergencies which public faces. What will happen if someone dies due to the farmers protests. This is pure blackmailing. Govt has given them many tax benefits n other benefits also. They are not real farmers, real farmers work in fields n don't have time to protest for so long nearly 10 months. This is a conspiracy against central government n nothing else. Govt helps the farmers in whatever way possible. Now public also feel harrassed by their daily protests n they have become villain now in the eyes of public.
31. It is a reformist laws and will bring in a new paradigm shift in the way our farmers will live their lives 
States had different rules and regulations to buy food grains from farmers. It was difficult for corporates to handle so many states with so many different regulations and taxes
hi dhruv rathee I feel that in every vedio I saw I felt that ur against BJP
So sooooooooooo proud of our Farmers.
German farming businesses are also private . What's wrong with private. It is not the work of government to buy food from farmers . State owned companies sucks.
PM Modi is quite good at communication. This matter really needs to be solved by proper discriptive communication and must remove any misconception if farmers have any ( cause we know their is opposite parties as well), bcoz this protest is not good for the farmers as well..
One simple question to the hands who are feeding the Anndaataas.. can't those hands give this money to those poor farmers who are under debt so that they don't follow the line of Suicides.
As I'm small 43year farmer and such as of; it's regret only because of Egos of you and yours oof; not making awareness and sensitising on farming and real issues if farmer's. Just tell me Can I and some of my farmer's go to sale our crops in any places of entire nation without pay fees, cess, taxes above MSP and support to cultivate deemed crops and store our crop product, pl give clarification. And we need Village Level Procurement Centers by entering online mode of procurement. Please fight against as to intimate established rental base Village Godowns/ storage & Village level procurement centers duly inviting procurement agencies as mandated in Villages. Establish Govt Seed cum fertilizer Banks. Just don't make happy. You all are failed to informing best and bad's of New farmer's Bill's, We need good reforms You intelligence politicians pl go sit with agriculture experts and make new bills in welfare of farmer's and farming. Pl come in agriculture field with us and see what are needed we. Don't support corporate farming individuals, see small and marginal farmer's only. Even it New farmer's bill cancelled, we are not explain with its future best & bad  issues just protest gone on. Pl make new bills settings with all parties
The bill looks useful to farmers but sure it will destroy Indian agriculture sector tooo...the reason is so simple 60% Indian farmers economically and technologically poor so they forced to sell as per Corporate intrest..may this year corporate give little more price to get farmers support but sure next year they start the real play ....i m not a farmer but v want to give all support to poor farmers bcz they r the backbone of Indian economy...now all country middle-class population increasing and the poor class drcreasing but our country ..very sad to say  current middle-class declaing while the rich corporate become more powerful..it s very bad sign of development...Jai jawan jai kisan..
So grateful to you all... To make sure voices of our farmers get heard...
International leaders please save the life of farmers
Farm laws repeal ho gaye guruji!!
Yes modi ji aaj haar gaye farmer law kisano se puchkar nahi diya giya tha hume nahi chaye the yeh kanon aaj sach ki jeet hoyi hain chak de phate East is the west Punjab is the best burrraa .......support farmers jai kisan jai jawaan....
Waiting for your video on rajasthan's farmers lynching...
4. Exploration of farmers
Just imagine how privatisation will exploit farmers and thereby affecting consumers too
I am now doubting your knowledge on other issues. There is No market fees is applicable on farmers. Can u specify the section/law?
Punjab has given so much to India from it's food to it's music, art and dance. Everything the West knows about India (Bhangra, Chicken Tikka, Bollywood music) actually has it's roots in Punjab. They run langars for poor people. Infact most of Delhi which is the economic powerhouse of India is made from ex-Punjabis, including myself. Modi made a mistake going against these brave and hardworking people.
Logo ki lack of  knowledge ke wajaha se, Haar Gaye Poor Farmer , wapas poor farmer ke paise middle man khayega,.....
4. Farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time Navic/Bhuvan GPS satellites and soil health card reports. Here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature, so that buyers, cultivators can line-up.
Politicians in a poor and corrupt nation must be aware that they need to keep prices down, so that living costs are cheap. This, I think, is a strategy to maintain political stability. One of the most common ways to keep prices down is to provide subsidies (fuel subsidy and fertilizer subsidy, etc). So, unless you politicians are serious about eradicating corruption, you have to provide a lot of subsidies. And I am not just talking about India. IMHO
People: I waiting for Human Rights to cover this #FarmersProtest
make a video on why farmers are asking for MSP legal guarantee bill .... #digitalmovies07 movies review channel
Didn't these farmers also vote overwhelmingly for Modi?
The way they answer I bet they r just lack of any farmer related information and surely some known stuff of wire. GDP = farmer only 
I think there are some problems in these bills which government is trying to resolve by talking to farmer unions but anyone who says  scrap all these bills is absolutely wrong. Fun fact when congress introduced these bills BKU ( bhartiya kisan union ) that green flags you see in the protest supported these bill and BJP mp sushma sawraj opposed it so my advice is go read these laws yourself for better understanding dont follow anything or anyone blindly ( both government and protest ).
I am from India and I am glad that people are realizing our government's tyranny and taking action against them. We are with our farmers. This is India's fight
These Laws are good for farmers... But if they don't want it.. Then remove it!
Sikh community always scarifies for country and this time govt came on backfoot for our farmers brother.
Farmers?? No these people are jokers
Fall of Berlin wall 1989 was my favourite historical revolution but now my Farmers make me proud
* Technology/Methods- the small farm sizes wont physically support, and the farmers cant afford the substitution of human effort, for mechanical, so labour intensive and inefficient millennia old farming practices continue~
I am so sad on how the government handled this protest frorm day one. They and their followers have been so insulting. While farmers have been so composed and down to earth. If I had to spend time with someone in reality I know who it will be. I have lost trust in the government....I used to provide them some benefit of doubt earlier but now no trust
Democracy is in "Danger"...Full support to Farmers 
Just two minutes ago he himself told that MSP is a failure, and now he is saying that it is negative for farmers to not get the benefit of MSP
...My question is very simple. is this statement includes in Agricultural Bill 2020?...its just an oral statement. Why the Govt not amend a law for MSP.?. The Law can take legal action against who go offer the low price then MSP and they may punished heavily?. where is a legal support for the farmers regarding the MSP? There is a guarantee Govt keep his word in future? Did the Central Govt call all the states govt. for the discussion regarding this....? One thing we keep in our mind...we are not farmers...we never ever put our feet in the Agricultural land....we don't know the real pain of the farmers...
Wrong map. Kashmir isn't Indian part. Please correct it. Modi's India was always a doghouse
I am from west bengal ...there is a place called singur..TATA ,a very reputed company Want to build a car manufactureing center  ..we have a CPlM( communist party) govt .it is very unusual for a communist govt to support industrialist ..but  they do ..there is a mass protests against it ..tata force to relocate ta gujrat.every one was happy ,people was celebrating,we bring down our govt to there knees ...but After so many years we,the people of west bengal know what we did that time..is a economically suicide...
Which means farm laws are good for farmers.
8-Khalistan Zindabad Force (KZF)
Thanks for a detail video. Please make a follow video on current farmer protest in Delhi.
In reality Pepsi is right about their case against Gujarati farmer they developed a special kind of potato by years of research they have a pattern on the potato seeds you cannot use that I want to go to home which is high and dry contains to sell other than Pepsi and the farmer you are talking about is not a small one he is a rich fellow (200-300 acre property farming) used this potatoes to sell to the other competitive company of the Pepsi to gain a better margin in the product.. this is the reality and no one talks about it(I know this because I am in the same business)
Election jeevi PM . Just show lolipop of elections and he will even sell the India.
When entire nation supported that will. Few gundas forced the govt to repeal it
You know the shit has hit the fan when the sweet indian farmers lose their composure.
If the kisans dont want to end the agitation let them continue . Kisans form part of country. Tikait awaits orders from congress to end andolan.
Farmers not demand for protection
Soo disheartening that innocent farmers are suffering nd still having a smile and positivity in them. May they get more than what they deserve 
2. Why India still have 75% marginal and small farmers. And in his opinion what should be the best step to increase their income.
I do farming. There is no profit in farming. That is why young generation does not choose farming. If existing laws are good why are the actual farmer still be poor? 
Setback for farmers of whole country. 
I curse MODi Ambani and Adani I hope God finds them and I hope God deals with them for the pain and suffering they have caused the elderly there is no place else other than hell for these people. You dont hurt old people
Farmers of Punjab get free water and electricity at the cost of taxpayers. If you're not a farmer, the cost of electricity in Punjab is the highest in the country. High electricity costs mean that no company will set up a modern industry in Punjab.
Bjp Party Agenda Promote For Zee Channel Shame for you.
Journalists are asking questions like a lawyer #GodiMedia
Closed your video when you said"farmers  are mandatory to sell their crop in local mandi only".. Which is totally wrong information.. Farmers are not mandatory to sell in their local mandi... They can even sell in other states
I support Indian farmers.
We have forgotten small retailers? If giant corporates strike a deal with farmers directly then small retailers will not stand a chance ? Lakhs of jobs lost. Middle men too are needed (in a regulated way of course) but just cutting them off now will again lead to unemployment.
Salute to farmers no farmer no food
But we Can't overlooked the Main dependence business of India which is *Agriculture sector* : so in that BJP did nothing I have to say. 
Don't talk about far countries example talk about bihar and Maharashtra where even without mandi system how much advantages farmers are getting
I support Indian farmers
Foolish farmers of india
But why did the anchor call him ex congress minister and not BJP minister. come'on ndtv we like you, dont do like aaj tak.
Impeccable background score. Mere veer tu ta punjab da putt a. Every sentiment successfully conveyed. Jai jawan jai kisan
the report fails to mention, perhaps conveniently, EXACTLY WHAT it was that the farmers demanded in the earlier protests. if the old demands (desired direction) remain unknown / unlisted, it is ludicrous to suggest that the government has gone in the opposite direction. anyhow, there is no analysis on HOW the laws are different from prior demands. Dear VOX, bogey is the easiest thing to raise, especially in a vulnerable community. and you have successfully made your contribution. congratulations.
Farmers can not go to courts. They will go to SDM and DC.
You didn't understand the basics of Indian Agribusiness. In India more than 90% farmers are small and marginal farmers, they completely depends on middlemen for marketing. Our Farmers cannot produce standard output to corporates because it needs to use huge amount of pesticides, fertilizer and nutrients which is very very dangerous to consumers health.. if you allow corporates into farming, the exploitation will be organized like reliance how he stored onions and release at deficit time.. Small Farmers cannot store their product brother.. please don't talk what you know.. you way of telling is convencing but not true.. Indian farming is far different from Europe and America. Most funny thing is you comparing Ola and Agribusiness.
If nothing else, I'm more aware of farmers issues. And I feel a lot of us can say that now.
Where are the butthurt bhakts calling VICE antinational??? all support to our farmers 
This issues is connected with each and every person have to abolish the farms bills or else everyone will be effected
1. Currently, MSP is offered only for crops like rice, wheat, sugarcane, etc which are water intensive crops. This has led to decrease in groundwater level in states like Punjab and Haryana. Also growing these crops again and again will lead to decrease in soil fertility. Add to that the problem of stubble burning and air pollution. How can govt address these issues?
And these are the people who were supporting or opposing the bill 
INDIAN system in Not honest with farmers.
Great video. The bills are really well explained but the Loopholes are pretty serious. I think you need to explain the loopholes in a elaborative way and their impact on the farmers. Would be better if you interview some of the farmers.
Appreciation of modi ji governance in their style.
1.There is no legality for minimum support price 
Why these Laws were working in kerela? Why farmers not protesting for the same laws in kerela?
2:26 Those 'certain' states whose names you didn't mention knowingly are Punjab and Haryana. There is starc difference among states procurement.
Dhokhe baaz this pm I No believe pm toking farmers win.     Bjp loss
The truth is infront of all in democracy form 51 position to 41 position india made huge lose in rank of democracy we decrease by 10 . But still some people think Bjp is right . farmer knows what right for them they are protesting but godi media and blind supporter of modi trying to distract   shame on them you thing modi is right and farmer is wrong is this sercular india ?
Thanks mam for providing  such a great explanation about farm bill
Farmers FEED the WORLD!! LOVE & SUPPORT FARMERS!
I'm so sad farmers still seem to be seen as lower-class citizens even though they literally enable our survival as a species.
Farmers are still protesting  peacefully . Government and some people tried to fail protest on 26 jan
India in deep trouble, human rights are being violated *Farmers are unhappy*
Sir Modi says that it's the buyers responsibility to pick up crops from farmers feild directly so transportation is not farmer headache
I'm from Bihar State of India where first these three laws introduced and Yes Farmers and agricultural of State hitted hard! Our farmers Suffering !
I was supporting farmers until they were fighting  calmly but the actions that happened later were not worth supporting. 
DON'T REPEAL FARM LAWS 
STILL THEIR R INDIAN'S WHO LOVE MODI JI SARKAR IN ANY SITUATION
What's wrong with farmers of punjab and haryana? All other states are accepting the laws. Personally many farmers told that they want these reforms.
11. Now due to this long wait time at Mandis, the waiting farmers are approached by the middle men/ brokers who offer them to buy their products before reaching the Mandis at a lower price, even lower then the MSP. For example, if the MSP is 2000, the brokers/ middlemen offer 1300
Dhruv this is excellent analysis on Farmer Laws I have heard . Enlighten by this case study.
Nothing Will Works For Farmers ( Specially Small Farmers)
2. In last 5 years govt in india captured majority of the media and it's safe to say most of them are actually propaganda machines,they are even calling  farmers terrorists.
Farmers and modern(chemical) farming is an easy target. Casually dismissing them by saying their subsidized model is not sustainable is disingenuos. One could argue the banking system is flawed and not sustainable given the number of bailouts in the West as well as the thousands of crores of bank loans defaults happening in India. "Organic" is not only too expensive but most of it is fake as it's virtually impossible to guard against pests without chemicals. Also rice and wheat is what feeds the population not malta oranges and gooseberry.
Indian farmers protesting on Canadian roads to help farmers in India . what a joke vice news, tell us one more
Finally their 1 year party is over ..now they have to go back to their Village and work.. it was a nice 1 year vacation for them..real farmers were on the fields growing crops..
victory of 700 farmers died
And even if there is a contractual agreement with the buyer.. what make you think that he will not misuse the same law againts the farmer..
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for the welfare of farmers..
CRUX is owned by TV18 News Network, which in turn is owned by Mukesh Ambani, whose Reliance Retail's interests directly conflict with the Farmer's Protest. I'm sure Bhakths find this video Unbiased. Unbiased, my foot. Yeh Bik Chuki hai Media. Pallavi Ghosh has sold her soul to RIL
The Farm law would have helped the true farmer. The govt should have reached out to the actual farmer and conveyed its benefit. Now Farmer loose and Traders and middle men will benefit.  Farmer works day and night to get the invisible profit. Traders and middlemen get huge profit without doing any work. The farmer goes bare foot and not even afford a two wheeler, the traders/middlemen goes in car.
They just waiting time.  Fack farmer never give up
It shows how truly concern Rihanna and Greta r really I was left in tears after seeing them deeply moved by the farmers protest
we stand with modi ji(sai shree ram)
Seriously they are not farmers
After(harvesting) if farmers got much production .
The new laws give farmers an OPTION to sell their produce directly to the corporates. The existing system of "mandis" and MSP will continue to work. Protests could have been sensible if selling the produce to corporates would have become COMPULSORY under this law, it just gives an OPTION! Also, the laws clearly state that no transfer of lands can occur under any such transaction between farmers and corporates.
My prayers with you dear all. Your protest is genuine. O god give them full  strength, good health and off course my wish is that each and every farmer of india, join you all in your protest.
Talking about tomatoes, he said MacD will advance book the order (With specific size of tomatoes), farmers cannot decide the size as we all know, at the end, they have to compromise with the price decided by MacD. But what he said and how he said you all will believe that this bill will be beneficial for farmers. 
My full support to farmer for there legal rights
GOD bless you and your family farmers
Same thing will happen in open market also.. Farmers will become price takers only
Punjab election is gonna be interesting
- Delhi's people are suffering? At least they get to go home and sleep in peace. Is Delhi facing more problems than farmers on road?
These misguided farmers actually think so.
Shame on u Indian government shame on h modi
Those all who are reacting like , wow this guy is really awesome n blah blah blah..guys you didn't read or know anything about Farmers law that's why if someone with enthusiasm stating those laws in his view wrongly. Everyone applauding him. Not your mistake guys ,just read tha laws. That doesn't states 'jamine hi nahi rahegi' lol 
Huge Blunder of PM Modi.. I think he will transform the farming sector, but unfortunately he disappointed as always.
Keep supporting farming farmer 
K)  Tax factor must be considered to be imposed in order to maintain that farmers are not only feeders of the society but also tax contributors for development of nation. 
3rd Bill is very Dengerous for every Indian..
Would like to know will productivity increase with uniform farming practices ran under big corporations? or is it better to have small scale farming instead? if better for a large corporation to run for security, would it be better for humanity as a whole and how will there be effective compensation for these farmers and reskilling?
Modi has no familly, no farm, no political desire so he doesn't have any setback to his image or political wish.
It was like a movie...and when rakesh tikait cried it wAs a turning point...i got goosebumps while listening to this episode...more powers to farmers
Indian farmers voice needs to be heard and accepted.
        Since the govt offers to buy only rice and wheat at a price there is many farmers only grow rice and wheat               so, India has so much wheat and rice which rots every year and India Imports other food items from other countries,
I am with farmers 
I believe farmers should directly sell their products to consumers i.e us . Why any middle person is there.
They r not farmers , they r terrorists . Farmers never can't do like that .
One nation, one market, in new system, farmer-corporate-consumer, in older system , farmer- brochure-wholesaler-retailer-consumer. don't make video just for the sake of opposing government. explain everything.
Aaj bhi anaj store kar sakte hai but limit me. I think if informing the stored anaj is compalsary to government. Then it will not benifit corrupt people's as well farmers also inform government about there production.
Theyre farmers! Of course they are undeterred. The government dont know who they messing wit
Cost of inputs are decided by govt and sale price is also decided by buyer. This has made farmer a mere machine. If they are saying atleast give a justifiable price then what is wrong in that.
I salute this channel because they understand farmers
Great work please support to Farmers 
Kashmir was demolished, UP was demolished. Every State Govt was demoralised. Now Punja, Haryana, UP people and farmers are attacked. Finally now in turn Farmers Gone into Red Fort. The reason is not farmers. The sole reason is false laws and false prestige of Govt.
This is not a farmer protest this is politics. 
If soyabean can get price of 6000 plus per quintal then its profitable for farmers but government will make rule over it they all doing things to promote corporates farming in which companies will manipulate what they want rather than what is need
Shame on police and support farmers
Hehe,farming system and laws in Bangladesh  are better than india,we are almost self sufficient in food production
Respected pm modi ji
The concept of Farmers producers organisation is really nice this thing need to be in focus
Shri  Guru  Nanak Dev ji  bless all of our farmer brothers and sisters .
When the farmers were happy with this bill, you got this bill back.
Ab atleast bjp mp mla will atleast can go on road of up Punjab haryana
Tnx akash love from punjab... Watching your every video since the beginning of farmers protest continuously....tnx for your support and your efforts to impart the awareness and being a voice of farmers. Love from all farmers and Congratulations...
They should provide msp only for poor farmers based on per hectare criteria...rich farmers are less in percentage and gaining huge msp benefit,they should be out...
If only you had talked about the provisions of those progressive farm  laws. Green Revolution & incompetent government is the undoing of Punjab as a whole.
Don't understand why farmers are only from particular community. And  one more thing why only Punjab protesting. 
or ab is sb ko smjiye kisaan wo fasl kyu beejega jiska price nhi milega jisme private apni mrjy ka price denge....    isliye rice wheat ka cropping pattern h sir.....   thoda practical aiye sb dikhayenge apko jameen pr kya hota h fer btaiyega farmer bargain kr skta h ya nhi
In Mandi's farmers will not sell directly to consumers. It is middle man who is dictating terms and selling us. Both farmer and consumer are losing in current model.
I hope you read the statements of farmers bill before making this vid
The bill has to be looked wholidtically and not individually.  I am sure if you look at them they give a negative picture. For example: onion is in high demand and farmers now get a chance to sell them in a market they get better price either to companies or middle men. Initially the middlemen were getting all the benefit as farmers had no option but to sell it to them. Now by making it a open market things will change.  A healthy competition amongst buyers and sellers automatically stabilizes commodity price. It is an economical phenomenon. This benefits consumer too.
3. msp is the only think that farmers are protesting. you gave the right solution. if there is a platform like share market.
Ajay kumar mishra to farmers: reform yourselves or we will reform you.
Center agencies should investigate ulterior motives of Rakesh Tikait, how does he have properties worth crores. Sometimes, feels that people abuse democracy and Modi crumbled to pressure. There should be aggressive steps taken to put such people behind bar.
2. Why is it not mentioned that the GOI has made 11 or 12 rounds of talks with the farmers? Why is it not mentioned that the GOI had accepted the farmers' demands about MSP and their other demands in spite of which they continue the protests?
Sir every  farmer should knowledge
GOVERNMENT THERE GIVES  BILLIONS OF DOLLARS AID TO THE FARMERS  SO THAT THEY  CAN HAVE SOME RECORCES TO CONTINUE FARMING 
6% (farmers ko hi MSP ka faida milta hai ) ye galat statement hai...fact ye hai ki baki 94% farmers iska faida nhi utha pate kyuki yaa to wo unaware hai MSP se Ya  unko unke fasal ke asli price nahi malum pata hai. I agree with you ki farmers ko educate hona hoga iss topic mai or unite hona hoga..and corporate ka kya hai wo to kabhi bhi kuch bhi kar skte hai kyuki monopoly unki ho jaegi.. accha bhi or bura bhi kr skte hai.... Future kisine nahi dekha... Isliye corporates ko bhi MSP rakhna chahiye...and farmers should educate themselves about this.
Farmers rocks always and full support from Bihar
One of the factor for the success of farmers protest is totally boycotting Godi Media at the very beginning.
I appreciate your efforts..thank you for supporting farmers 
India is in trouble because of Modi
Please show the whole video , when that is running over the farmers
What you're wishing is not realistic. You are missing 1 more dimension - "Commodity Cycle". If MSP is mandated, pvt player may import rather than buying, if that's cheaper. Then what happens to produce? Farmer's wont be able to sell, since MSP is mandated. MSP will kill competition. The only option is to systematically reduce the number of people working in farm, thus increasing average land holding, thus increasing income.
There is no only punjab or haryana in india, 
It would have been better if you had done little more research on farm bills and had explained government's point of view too.
For farmers their produce is the only source they can survive. .and the farmers should be left alone to do their work. .Why does the GOVT succumbing to the BIG PVT PLAYERS TO TRESPASS and create problems for farmers? The govt can make provisions against for big farmers exploiting small farmers. But bringing outside GIANT players will eat up both small and big farmers MORE SO because the Govt and Govt bodies will DANCE TO THE TUNES of the GIANT PVT PLAYERS. & the farmer community will disappear or stop existing.
1 st : transport muthal farming equipment inu vere ula support um , advice muthal fertilizer vere ula ela kariyangalum oru contract il ezhuthitt famer inu amount ensure cheyum . Thre days il payment procedure thudangilel ath disputed avum And high court il famer inu case inu pogam that too fast track courts then court has the responsibility to close it with in one month . Farmers are protected with a legal document. More over the Farmer has the bargaining right and ethine pati oke farmers ne educate cheyan ula centers um thurakum . 
Modi/godi mukt India. To stop jumla and wasting indian tax payer money on events, only option for India.
FARMER CAN SOLD THERE FOOD VEGETABLES IN ANY MANDI AND DIRECTLY TO ANY STATE BUT U R LOBBYING WITH ANTI BJP NOT WITH BATION INTEREST
This is a peaceful protest so let's end it and give the Farmers what they want, by rolling back these black laws that were implemented without proper consultation and due process 
Yes, Ajay Mishra should resign immediately. His intention is clear to teach lesson to farmers.
The new laws do have the potential to improve the financial  condition of farmers( IMF Chief economist Gita Gopinath had too said this ), but has it's own loopholes which can be misused against the farmers. 
This person speaking sounds totally insane who is pro corporate and totally ignorant of terrible condition through which farmers of india are going through this representative of pro corporate lobby should be ashamed of himself
3. After some time when mandies   are dissolve then if the companies deny to take the produce what happened to the farmer.
Farmers will always remain poor and Middle Man will be in Profit.
The reason for this repealing is not the care for farmers. 
I am with farmers.
So this bill only help to food chain business to make money and make farmers and consumer more miserables
The Indian government is so stupid. Time to support sustainable organic horticulture
Main implication is:  long awaited Agriculture Reform is a dead matter for ever. We small farmers will continue to be a subsistence farmer for ever. Now onwards don't have an illusion towards this government.
Respect to farmers and samdish
These are union agents and middleman , not all of them are farmers
all reforms for private will come first' with benifits, continues with exploitation, ends with deaths of the poor, because Indian politics is controlled by corporates. You see the sufferings of Communist China who used their welfare ideologies to corporates . We need proper interactions and convenience the people, if they can not  believe in the speaker or doubts about the future, repeal, . But I also appreciate Narendra Modi Ji for his various initiatives. India born with protest, no army , weapons , Power stopped the Indian freedom from British. Same way once the massprotest is accepted by common people, then governing  leaders need the strategies to stop.......
modi ji pllzz try to send those farmers  to their home who lost their lives just because of yoyr ego... their families are waiting to welcome them
This people told nothing about bill they r just following the farmer movement ...beta sirf English bol k gyani bun rahe ho pata kuch nahi inko...ye hai wire ka  standard....farmers ko bhi aise hi log bewkoof bana rahe hain
These are only north eastern Indian farmers.. this bill was formed for the benifit of all farmers.. but it will inversely effect them.. that's why they r revolting
So sad to see farm bill impact on punjab n haryana,. Wait what! farm bill is applied to whole nation 
Agree it's not about APMC or Open market, it's about the concerning statutes which need a lot of work to help our farmers if we really want to help them.
Big salute to the farmers.
Well presented and salute to farmers who are taking part in this revolution .
Modi proved he cares about Indian and not having  Ego...... Well done modiji  90 million Hindus stand with hou
Trevor posts video about farmers.
"Kisaan Andolan " an opposition sponsored rich Punjab farmers violent  agitation backed by radical unions . Insulting national flag on Ganatantra is divas is not excusable. The attacking on police and hitting DTC vehicles with tractors is a Gandhi mark andolan?! Tool kits in Twitter and conspiracy to destabilise government!? The Punjab farmers can sign contracts with lays but not other state farmers?! With old farmer laws only Punjabies enjoying by throwing extra paddy on government ! ? They should think of farmers committed suicide with out dated farm laws!? Farm laws are held up with by
Wow worried about farmers of different states but not doing anything for the people of his own state..what is aqi of delhi Mr. CM
We are farmers not terrorists 
If old laws were good then 4 lakh. Farmers would have not committed sucide
Farmers unity jindabaad.
Farmers: We r the Nation. We are the strongest and we r those who made u  PM . So Mind it
I can't believe you guys went full left on this video...... This doesn't explain how farmers who cultivate vegetables and fruits are not regulated and are well off compared to MSP farmers 
The government should debate with farmers on this bill before turning it in a act
It's the right thing to do, agricultural reforms can't be done by forcing a shock on the system and the people. These reforms are required but has to be done by supporting farmers to become efficient
The way bjp is destroying india..i think they work for isi
Now Govt should not retract the farm laws...because so called farmers are just blackmailing the country.
India 5/7 business sari crop  wheat  rice  etc purchase kar lana ona rate oho jo rakha ga modi AHA law end kar deta hai jo jina cha har cheza store kar sakde hai koi court case nahi kar sakde hai dasn pura daso public stupid na Bano plz
Really feels great that international media playing its critical role in raising such an imp issue of Indian Farmers,which shd have been covered by national media....kudos to VOXkeep it up
According to your explanation this law is good. But I think government should make the committee to hearing the problems of farmers regarding this law. Also one delegation of the farmers should approach the government to hear the problem of them and solve confusion problem regarding their bill. Hamare desh me agar koi bolta hai ki yeh bill bekar hai to log uski research Nahi karte aur uski bato me as Jate hai.
Two Bjp people and one media person died who is talking and sympathy always supporting congress India today group
Sir what can I say? I am completely speechless after watching your video. What a patriotism you showed. I am also belong to a farmer family. You won our heat by saying" In village humanity lives and in town human lives. We pray before GOD to whom you believe that always think and do good job for nation by your ocean knowledge.Lots of respect from Odisha.
These laws are necessary at this time.If privatised,the farming sector will be a great benefit to the indian economy.
Congress always with farmers 
Under the previous law, you can sell in Mandi and APMC with MSP in place..
what if .after  legalising the msp ..govt is bound to purchase all the farmer produce (23 msp crop) which will roughly cost more than 5 lakh crore ..then govt will build infra to boost 2nd and tertiary sector of economy ..OR it will have to purchase agri produce ....which we all know not a assured (quality and quantity) product 
My farmers is always on top.
SHAME ON INDIAN SYSTEM , MODI , POLICE MAN AND WOMEN  , POLITICS AND POLITICIAN AND CORRUPTION , ALL THE NEWS CHANNELS.
Didn't govt said like a million times that they are ready to ensure msp and are even ready to give it to the farmers in writing...
No largely spread misinterpreted information can be cleared in a 10-15 min video. I recommend you all to watch drishti ias's video on farm bills. It talks everything legal , history and present , future , good and bad. Its 3 hours long. But it clears up A to Z everything.
That's how to bring down an arrogant government, you have to make a sacrifice and farmers did so well. Well done
REPEALING - Highly unfortunate -  decision by BJP. You will see more of it now.  But we trust our PM.
much love and support from Pakistan..
APMC + MSP did bring some happiness to farmers but now it's also being mis-used by monopoly traders.  Need to impose heavy fine on traders if they take crop below msp.  Need reformation but this govt seems trying to remove it totally, it can make farmers situation worst as was before implementation of APMC + MSP.
thnx for supporting farmers
Farmers have won the battle but they will lose the war  most farmers will remain poor forever until they realise farming only contribute to less than 10% of gdp
Coming from a farmer's family and being the 5th generation into farming I'll say one thing Samdish Bhaiya aap ne dill jeet liya. Kudos ScoopWoop Unscripted
Less coverage on farm bill more on economic matter
Now you tell me one thing is the present government assuring the farmers that they will be getting corporate customers and private customers all the time throughout 365 days in their high ambitious bills?
MSP is not for private players/ buyers( so no question of re-cartelization )  .... It is minimum price  for which Government buys (invariably  at 150 % of input cost ...for selected commodity )  from farmers  please correct yourself sir
BHARAT SARKAR EKDOM SAHI KADAM LIYA KI RAKESH TIKAWAT KO 5 KISHAN NAAM ME NEHI LIYA. RAKESH TIKAWAT SHOULD BE ARRESTED IMMEDIATELY
So basically these acts are not good for farmers. Is it?
The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight(transport) both ways.  John F. Kennedy
farmers and soldiers? you don't mess with them in India, even modi will loose in front of them
This movement won't have been a success without you and the way you've given your honest and daring support.... So you equally share the success with our farmers.... Thanks for being present always without being physically present here and still standing firm against the godi media...  Thank you sir !!! 
Accha hota agar Farmers Laws koh States ke uper chor dete,
Protest Congress nehin farmers kr rhe hai. Bjp govt ka sare Bill achhe hai lekin implementation sabse bekar hai
5.Due to monopoly  and high power in corporates - they will force farmers to sell/contract for free 
If price of agro commodities are high  people worry how we can survive ,but when agro commodities price is less people will never think how farmer will survive.
My father is a farmer and he says, The government "may"not step in coz even farmers don't pay tax but corporates do.
Thats what happen when the ambani wants to control the local kirana stores to supply and get the farmers with the lowest price and sell to the customers or local retailers in higher prices and people who will suffer is small businesses who won't benefit as before and that will cause them to remove a lot of workers off their permanent jobs as a kirana stores and the other side the burden will tilt on the end customer and they will buy it more expensive than before. And if they accept now and this starts then they won't have a choice in future they have to pay and the unemployment rate will sky rocket than ever before in India. Who will benifit from this deal only two person!!!! Ambani and Zuckerberg.  Ambani has the logistics and stores and Zuckerberg has the marketing through whatsapp and Instagram and Facebook and Payment . That's why the farmers are angry cause they want their free market and they will sell whoever come to them to buy not just you sell to us and that's the price and finish otherwise you'll not get any buyer cause we're buyer now and only buyer. That's the case. I hope these idiotic kid minded billionaires die and suffer as they enjoying to create chaos and sit back and enjoy the scenery.  The police and the government are puppets of these psycho billionaires. We should remove all.
now bjp will conest election in punjab with amrindar singh.
European nations clearly show how to farmers effectively, but Indian farmers never understand that .
The real problem is that these laws will make farmer's lives so good... That BJP will stay in power for  unforeseeable future; and that's exactly what is making the opposition nervous. 
I am from Punjab and farmers here are quite rich due to fertile land. They don't represent marginal farmers. 
I am a farmer...and with this again middle man will not give MSP ..and againain more margins for middlemen  and farmer will be left with nothing.  So hypocrite. Is this tikait or we should say dacoit.
Why should Farmers allow free movement? Did you ever thought about their need & voted terrorists to power?
I think in the long term it will be beneficial for farmers although the price of farming product will be high for common people but  educated farmer can take its advantage and for non educated farmer we have to take initiative to explain them what exactly the bill is
I m a farmer, from karnataka, this is false that " Now we can sell directly sell to factories" . I sold my 3 mt soyabean directly to Ruchi Soya. 8 yrs back. And ruchi soya was taking from many farmers. But price was at paar with APMC Rates. Just 100. Per qtl more, even that i lost by giving transportation charges from my pocket.  So no gain. Chootiya banana tho abh rashtriya niti ho gai hai.
The intention behind the law was good but not clearly communicated.   There are some major loopholes in the new law which puts farmers at disadvantage. These loopholes need to discussed to reach a mutual ground. 
Jab farmers ko protest karna tha, tab corona virus chal raha tha lekin jab elections chalu hone wale they tab corona virus ka ek bhi case ke bare mai discuss nai hua
Pm.modi is biggest fool pm I ever seen.  And remember modi pm Don mess with us this is punjab .baby
Why few funded farmers want to carry out the aggetation. What crimminal activities going on there mind. Now C.B.I SHOULD INQUIRE IN THE MATTER. WE HOPE EVERY THING IS SAFE AROUND BORDER ANDDELHI.
All i can say is your source of India's news isn't completely true. The way that the formers are negotiating cannot be accepted. They don't want to bring changes in the formers bill. They just want to cancel bill right away.
Clearly t was a pre-planned attack  by some khalistani group same happened at red fort . f minister son is responsible for death of 4 farmers than farmers are too responsible for this killing they too killed 3 people and the one who organised this protest should be punished....
God be with the farmers
Corrupt Congress was far better than gunda BJP...hame acche din ab nahi chahiye wohi purane din lautado hame
I support farm law.
Inse conspiracy theories jitni marzi sun lo, hassi aati hai ki aaj ke time me be tum godi media khalistan tshirt ko use krre ho bjp ke image bnane k chakkar me but sach jada waqt nai chupta. Real vid viral ho gie hai
It means those Bills are the Loot of the All Indian people directly or indirectly.
No farmers, no food
Two Nobel laureates,  both in Economics, both open about their no-love for PM Modi, have backed this law saying it's a great way ahead for the farmers in india. I neither understand politics, not understand economics, but I believe these Nobel laureates. Still Mr Rathee wants to prove that the law was wrong. Clearly, no one values for education or expertise in this country.
I am happy because atleast now the taxpayers money will not go to the farmers bank account that too every week!!!
And om shanti for the farmers who gave there lives ..
Land is limited, productivity will be low, water will become scarce. Only tractors and fertilizer won't help the kisans.
I am the son of a farmer and understand the struggle of the farmers for this issue...!
Thank you farmers for showing millennials, on Internet they can only Troll, real results can be brought on ground with real efforts.
I have become so desensitized that even a small win like this doesn't give me any hope for the future of our country, bcz they repealed these laws bcz of the upcoming election in UP and Punjab. And they have successfully ripped our social fabric apart.
So dis bill nt only against to Farmers it is also against to 
2) The 3rd part of the law on storage is critical to understand, as of today anybody except government storing over a threshold even for legitimate reasons can be directly put in jail and required to put heavy fines. This needs to go for obvious reason as it creates deep supply chain inefficiencies, causing cyclical price hikes in which only the middlemen make money and farmers get no benefit of the market price
Modi( bjp)  now have there match,  Indians have seen  enough of fake modi,
As the APMC still valid....declare the entire state as APMC...means no "outside" left after APMC... This means support price applies to all farmers...
Farmer Right 
BJP will LOOSES its.....power in MODI's policies.....
Sir I question that,is it appropriate word to use Agricultural refugees for our own Indian farmers
This is undoubtedly the best and thorough explanation of the farm bill till date. Thanks a lot Ganesh sir. You made it so simple with past references and described all the loopholes in the process.
There is a great concept of e-choupal by ITC, where farmers can check the price of there crop by visiting the e-choupal center in there village and if the farmers agrees on the price they can take the crop to warehouse of ITC where farmers are paid in cash as well as ITC also compensate the transportation cost from village to warehouse. In mandis agents make there cartel and make farmers to sell the crops at minimum price possible. They take the crops in credit of 15-30 days and farmers gets there money after 15 -30 days. E Choupal cut down the middle man between farmer and corporate there by giving better profits to farmer. By using e-choupal farmers know the fair price before making any transportation cost to carry there crops. Zomato Hypelocal is similar kind of thing. Echoupal and Zomate hyperlocal also educate farmers for best practice. Moral of the story - not all corporate are bad like Adani, if framers join corporate they can be treated professionally and can gain better profits, education and everything. BUT IT CAN ONLY HAPPEN IF CORPORATES ARE GOOD.
Respect to all media that backed farmers and told the truth..
That's why weaker section remains weaker section. When it seems that something good is going to happen to farmers few stupid people makes the things worst and they want farmers remained a weaker section .
Every body is criticising the laws,  no body is proposed the better guidelines to benefit farmers
Modi, don't try to fool farmers.
Farmers and Poor people  are always dominated by richer one
The farmer is only man in our Economy who buy everything at retail, sell everything at wholesale and pays the freight bothways. 
Thanks from Bakersfield California I am farmers son from sangrur
The first time in NDA era, the govt is being paid back in its own favourite coin - indifference to the cause of others. Irrespective of the nitty-gritties of the new farm laws, I whole-heartedly support the agitation. Narendra Modi deserves this slap on the face.
This protest has now turned into a political entity. Many people like the leader of this protest Mr tikait are just using this protest to fuel their political motives for the next election. Also these people warned for a civil war. What kind of protest is this? That's why it is important to break the protest.
I am  Modi supporter all these years . I only can thank him that he repealed those laws .
Media : farm law passed, a masterstroke form Modi...
6.Pinne oru large scale farmer cheriya sthalath kond vannu vikkum ennu paranjath. farmersinu ith evide venelum vikkam.. even export cheyyam.. apo oru large scale farmer oru cheriya sthalath valiya expenses afford cheyyan pattatha societyil kond vannu vikkumo atho export cheyyo.. it's common sense. 
Being from down south, I've always found Sikh community as jovial, hospitable, warm, and honest. Watching this makes me sad, the kind of determination the farmers are showing needs a positive ending as any stubbornness by the govt would be a pure heartless move. I suddenly feel privileged after watching this and almost guilty of not being able to contribute anything to the protesting farmers. 
Contract Farming is an improper word used to explain the bill, soon as it is pronounced it is understood that the purpose is to miss guide and so it is more of spreading the propaganda than the actual knowledge. Contract farming would be right if the entire exercise of farming was under a contract and all services rendered and costs incurred would be payable under the contract.
How many people have read the three farm laws, who are pro or against?
People usual say don't bargain with Street vendors for vegetable, but have you thought about farmers.
Finally just say so many thanks to the group who make this glourious video for indians not only for farmers.
Well done commodity prices are being compared to service sector 
Sir best video about farmers protests without editing or scripting. Really loved the feeling of community and brotherhood in farmers . Please make more videos on it.
After repealing farm bill , many youtubers, tool kiters, opposition, so called farmers going to face shortage of foreign funding
Hey Samdish. Just one suggestion. Please add English/hindi subtitles for better reach and understanding. The farmers are making such strong points but not everyone understands punjabi completely. And a  big Thank you to you and your team for the amazing work you keep doing!
Appreciate the focus on Indian issues but it's very one sided. Doesn't talk about how MSPs have led to 2x, 3x production of high msp crops like wheat and rice which essentially go to waste. Also, only affected farmers are the rich farmers of Punjab who will lose out. Doesn't affect the larger population of labourers who work on this farms and don't own them
purchased at minimum support price (MSP) and rest was purchased at lower price. Till 2010
For the benefits of Punjab and haryana other part will suffer
But really  a big loss  for REAL farmers 
*Means now any body can protest and indian government might also pardon the terrorists in future* 
Every Indian should Support them.
4. Unsupportive government schemes, many schemes are corporate centered and farmers don't get benefited.
We support farmers 
Don't oversimplify this whole topic like just an issue of BJP govt vs Farmers, it is about the problems of  neo-liberalism, and the fight was about class-struggle and class unity.
u hv not spoken of the ease of doing business of a small farmer across the country without going through the apmc cartel. they can go to small businesses who are making herbal oils to sell their oil seeds from up north to way down south of the country without any hassle, snd all online too. 
A industrialist, a builder a solar park can have as much land as he wishes but farmer can not
Common people are asking why farmers gets loan waiver, electricity bill waiver, water bill waiver but their contribution to the economy is very low. 
When this laws are being brought for farmers and if they do not want why deliberatly and forcefully put ontheir head. A simple solution is to abolish the laws. Why explanation is required you think this farmers our fool, only modi and bjp guys and corporates are clever. Wait and watch how and what turn it takes. God help these farmers and give them courage to fight this government which is a jumlebaaz government.
Not Indian Farmers Just Sikh Farmers in the Garb of hatred towards Modi and Khalistani aspirations
Your jokes are all funny and your facts are too. Get the India's map right first and do more research on the topic. You can get a link to bills in WIKIPEDIA page and can read it yourselves. It is in ENGLISH, FYI
The farmers have been there for months. All away from their families. No one wants to be there.
another problem is if all farmers start growing only one crop that has the highest MSP then when will happen to FCI. because most mos the farmer is going single corp then water consumption is more. 
It hurts, I'm literally crying right now. And the farmers are doing their best they can, great work by the scoopwhoop team especially Samdish and Parth. Lots of respect to you all.
We hats off to the farmers
Tikait ,who him self  hails from UP , has sacrifice/ totally ignored  the interests of poor and landless farm labourers of UP , Bihar etc who come to Punjab etc and take agricultural field on lease /Theka from absentee including NRI land owners   Details of these landless tillers are not mentioned in the Revenue records / Girdawars  . Patwaris are bribed to state the names of absentee land owners including NRI s  as Khud Kasht - i.e. Actual tillers The migrant landless tillers  remain faceless , nameless and .helpless. .
its a great measure to increase farmers income, but as prices would increase, it might be a crisis for non- farmer poor people
Mr Khan in price assurance bill if there is a "breach of contract" than it will be against law and the party will have to give the price which was agreed upon. That is why it should be done under the supervision of government staff
I agree that companies like Jio and Big Basket will try to give huge incentives to farmer in thier 1st stage of business model BUT why cant goverment regulate such things... i mean goverment knows that ye bade log aage jaake farmers ko exploit kr skte hein... if goverment can form a regulatory body who can keen an eye on such big pupils... this bill can be a sucess no?
Government is not forcing farmers to sell to any individual they can sell as they wish.
This is my true India, if everyone live happy and support eachother but unfortunately there is bigger section elite section who dont want that
Bowed down against your correct laws. India is doomed, I have no expectations from u now.
      By the way i m in job but my back ground is Farmer family. I know farming and we do farming in Organic methods with traditional bull and cart system, We are not doing Politics becoz we are real Farmers.
In solidarity with our farmers.
Not many who support or against the bill understand the content or merit and demerit of the bill.
In Punjab and Haryana, most of the  farmers don't do kheti , labour from UP and Bihar do their kheti. They are simply free , that is why they stretched the protest so long.It's high time they should get pampered. After getting free electricity, loan waivers , income tax waiver etc on the expense of fellow countrymen's tax, now  they want fixed price for their pesticides laced crops.they don't want to re innovate themself . if any freebies is given to them by govt., Govt recovers it from tax payers like us , so we are pulling their weight and still they are Ann data. They should be dealt with stick. Govt. Should stop purchasing crops on msp from big farmers of Punjab, Haryana and Western Up.
Those who are protesting are not even 0.001 percent of the farmer community but wire is trying to make it 0.01.... and The Wire wants that 0.01 % to hijack Delhi ... Lost case...
What about the hundreds of deaths of farmers during the protest
I have watched so many videos on these farm bills...but none video cleared it all...your video mentioned everything...what are these bills...why are farmers protesting...
Well, above all I would like to draw a parallel here, however irrelevant it may sound, but I think it's the way forward. Remember when we speak about removing Brahminical hegemony from the society we praise the burning of Manusmriti in public, which doesn't mean every letter & word written over there cannot be morally co-opted in a modern age, but because it has resulted in a hegemonic tool for a particular class to opress many others by controlling the narrative & run it accordingly, that's why what ambedkar did, most logical Indians today find it necessary & are behind him. 
I'm also farmer
After watching this video no one will be able to describe what the 3 bills are but the viewers will say that the bills are bad for farmers. Well played.
Free market is good also as Farmers will be able to sell their produce at A higher price when Economy is in boom but would severely impact these farmers when there's a Recession as these Private traders won't come to buy there Harvest.
Indian farm system is one of the best. But only 2% of people get benefit from it. IMF will always loose in india. They cant won battle against farmers
What deeply pains me is the fact that this decision to repel was made on heavy political encumbrance and not on the entirety of the farm law. BJP made the mistake of not carrying out due diligence with (farmer) stakeholders in the first place and was very haste with the farm law. A much wiser and inclusive decision should have been made on a sector like(Agriculture) that contributes over 15% of the country's GDP and employs over 50 % of the population directly and indirectly. Thou I totally agree with good number of the farmers grievances, but personally, I was in favor of the farm law and sad that it has to go away like this. I feel even sadder this law has to be scrapped under the political burden and not because of the law itself.
O ji hello .. in sitapur my frnds tau ji stat. msp for wheat is 1975 but sold at 1500 rs.. below msp.. msp is only paper work but in actual it's loot by traders.. stop farm bills they are against farmers
Priyanka ji thanks your efforts to farmers and county safed
Thanks Trevor for pointing India's current regime (this no longer is democracy) about farmer importance.
Government should repeal farm laws immediately. 
Modiji is tired of telling lies every time. 
These r testing the patients of the farmers ,if the farmers resort to violence then their protest will be crushed ruthlessly ,
Reforms were beneficial for farmers and would have revolutionised the entire agriculture of india through new ideas and businesses in agriculture
Did you read that properly and studies the crumbling ground condition of market and the so called MSP.....which was minimum support price has become maximum support price now ....do study properly and find good experts then publish thinks like this ......
2. farmers will have to pay a fee when they sell in mandi (just like it is right now) but if they choose to sell outside of mandi then they will not get charged anything, don't you think that in the long run then the purchasers will take adv. of this fact and force farmers to pay just a small hair above net profit that farmer will get if he/she decides to sell in mandi? and in most cases small farmers are not going to return without selling otherwise they'd have to cover the cost of two way trip from farm to outside seller
Ye dono ne bill ke positive side ko to boht acche se discuss kiya sahi hai...pr jo loopholes bola usko properly discuss nhi kiya ...ki kaise contract farming se farmer ka exploitation ho stka hai...etc etc... exploitation na ho uske liye govt ek committee banayegi...ab jo ki ye system naya ho jayega...iske loopholes turant pta nhi chalange....
If the prices fall below the supposed MSP due to excess supply, only large corporations will be able to buy and store the produce. No local business will be able to meet the MSP price when supply is more than demand. When its an open market, market need to be decided by market forces. Agricultural economy to wide and too complex for just a few companies to manipulate easily. Some restrictions may be necessary and can be brought in at a later time as well depending on how the market evolves. Many states already have removed the APMC monopolies and allowed contract farming. There is no such evil in these states, Karnataka and Maharashtra for example. MSP is not fixed for all crops. Fixing MSP means a guaranteed income, the farmer produces it irrespective of the demand. Basically leading to the situation of the Indigo farming you mentioned. The lands become infertile with the same guaranteed return crops produced. Look at data from FCI, how much excess wheat and paddy it procures. Punjab is already moving towards desertification due to intensive farming of paddy, wheat or sugarcane. The draught prone marathwada regions of Maharashtra have plenty of sugar industries and farmers trying to grow sugarcane. My 2+2 cents.
Farm are not paid well across the world but they full our stomach therefore India should start shifting it to technology jai hind jai Bharat
Or Yaha Dikh rha Farmers ko to IPS Officer se jyda Knowledge hai 
However good d bill may be to farmer... if farmer doesn't want it.... withdraw.... tis is democracy...... don't misuse power yaar govt. 
These farmers are Inocent people.
This is victory of farmers..but afsos hai un kisano ke liye jinho ne apni jaan gawayi..
even he knows farm laws would have made farmers businessmen and would have ended work of zameendars and exploitars likw tikait but modiji defeated in front of election
Thank you sir for supporting farmers  in this tough time
I will agree with you, if you could able to explain me two critical ground realities.. 1:  As we have MSP for rice and wheat, Indian farmers do farming on these and government had  to buy even though there is no demand.. I does not know the exact figure,  but I heard that we produce 6 times higher than what India really require for rice and wheat  and all these gets damaged without any use in FCI godowns ..if we follow the MANDI system how can we able to change this scenario ? 
- Both punjab and Haryana gets the highest subsidies in the country with almost 50% off on inputs including electricity and fertilizers but still the crop produced is sold expensive compared to international prices of the same comodity ( Where is competitiveness ) 
It's not a problem of the farmers only ,rather all the common man will be affected by this law. Can one simply imagine how hoarding is legalised?!
If really government wants to work for farmers then should work on old bill loop poles i.e. traders license Mafia culture should be stopped and so on and should not remove the MSP
>> If adani is 100% true , please confirm that you are really with farmers and not only in ads BY CONFIRMING THAT ADANI IS BACKING FARMERS DEMAND TO REPEAL THE 3 ANTI FARMERS LAWS . Since he is just building warehouse ( which he WILL own after FCI is divested ) THE repeal of these 3 anti farmer laws will not cause any loss to him. So, adani please back farmers demand ,IF YOU ARE REALLY WITH FARMERS. Jai jawan Jai kisan.
GYAAA AB TO CHAYE BECH KAAA TARIKA APNAO MODI JI
Ambani's and few funded BJP to come in power ....pls support farmers they are our aandata
Stop saying these thugs are farmers. There are farmers in other states than Punjab and Haryana. My state farmers are earning more after introducing the new rule. This "protest" has sinister origin than economic in nature.
India having 28 states and 7 ut now the que is why only 2 state farmers are doing protest not other 26 states and 6 uts. This law is applied to whole country . Now understand the chronology . Some countries funding for this protest . 
Praying for well being and prosperity fo farmers
Respect to the some of these young and older Delhites for understanding farmers plight. To be honest I was not expecting such response as from this interview. You have given me some faith. God bless you.
Fully wrong information Bihar mein jakar Dekho je bills 2006 mein aye the Mandi system bnd hoo gya waha maize Jo ke 1800 RS per quintal Hoya that 2006 ke vaad 700_800 per quintal and ikk aur baat wheat and rice v Bihar we Punjab and haryana mein vikne ke lite aate ha kyoki Bihar mein 900 ha aur Punjab haryana mein 1900 RS wheat and rice .je bill lakkaar toh jpunjab and haryana ki vi Bihar mein bdlne ki soch the hoo and rhi baat contract farming ki Punjab haryana mein phle see hoo rhi ha je kisan sugar Mill see contract krta ha lekin bdle mein sugar Mill balle aaj v kisan ki payment ni de the 1 _1 saal ki payment ni de rhe ,22 phle research kro fir video bnAo thik ha Orr inn bill mein he v likha ha ki kisan kabbi v court Ni ja skta sirf sdm tkk ja skta ha Orr 22 je cooperate house toh sdm toh apni jeeb mein rakhege .
He is actually very right. Right now only farmers are in pressure just imagine when big people will be able to hold grains they can regulate demand and supply. Small example that you can test buy pineapple from a fruit shop and then buy cut pineapple from the malls! You will actually see the difference in price. Except for the metro or big cities today also medium class people buy daily needs thing from small shop as they are cheaper. Trust me abhi toh Farmers ki lag rahi hai agar paas hi gaya you will need to pay high prices for daily needs!!!
Farmers life is not comparable in comfort to any other job. So putting regulations on him is totally unjust.
4. Licensing system is a way for state government to make large amount of money, that is why the state government in punjab(90% produce bought by government) is against it, as it kills a cash cow.
 A big majority of Farmers are happy that now they can explore new markets. (But ofcourse the middlemen shall be loosers) There are intelligence reports that these protests are funded by enemy countries like china & Pakistan. 
In the idea of giving a neutral view you actually have spoken in depth. Price discovery is very difficult to find in perishable goods as production and demand and expenses keep on changing from time to time and you can't hold your products. The best thing would be to create more mandis which will give farmers more places to sell. A farmer won't go to a different state to sell only traders will do that. Government Cooperatives  and investment in cold storage are the way forward however if private companies are involved now then cooperatives won't form and hoarding by private companies will happen in big scales. American and European agrarian economy is heavily dependent on govt subsidies because of the model that this govt is trying to bring. Kindly talk in dept about the flaws of the present laws and mandi system
This would be your contribution to support the farmer.
Dairy, horticulture, animal husbandry is not under MSP and APMCs. We don't have any problem with that. Why should it be different when it comes to grains?
And if don't know, I let you know that out of 37 states and union territories only farmers of 2-4 states are protesting against this...
Such bills are already implemented in America and European countries there are no such good results for farmers in those countries, After these bills debt on farmers increased and sucide rates in America got increased..
When the government is favouring the farmers, You say: Price will rise. And when they are favouring us, You say: The farmers are being repressed!!?
We hate modi and bjp.
God bless you for your great efforts and dedication to creating the proofs to show reality and truth of Kissan Andolan. It will be a historical documentary about the struggle of Indian Kissan against the corporate markets.
There isnt much in they way of an arguement for why these laws where brought into existence in the first place. Dont really expect VOX to be objective when their is a left wing narrative to peddle. If the farmers get better price they should be allowed, but they shouldnt expect the taxpayers to fund their inefficienct methods. The govt is no better, but an unregulated market is necessary to bring in much needed capital. As to your arguement on bihar, simpluly deregulating the the market is not enough, there isnt much in the way of capital to go into bihar wherw the political setup is significantly more dysfunctional for any sane investor to get involved in. The arguement vox peddles is the same reason why India remained where she was for 40+ years. Vox is a product of post 2008 US, their fundamentally ideology is distrust towards market regulated or otherwise, nothing they've said so far has shown otherwise. Considering how  era defining these farm laws are and the effect it will have in India , a bit more objectivity and analysis of the arguements behind the govts rationale wpupd have been appreciated even if that's too much of an ask.
This is not just about farmer rn
Like only the north Indian farmers farmers  protest North East  farmers who also contribute a major portion to the country didn't protest neither did the farmers of South India or any other place
Farmers : YES!
2. Due to maintain out of essential commodity some items the farmer also store more. So for storing this must me done.
The fact that mandi system aka APMC exists in states where farmers have prosperous proves the benefit of it.. BIMARU states don't have APMC
It's tyrant government who is not allowing farmers to reach national capital Delhi and farmers are waiting way long for the government's permission to go 'Ramlila Maidan' and 'Jantar Mantar', the designated place for the peaceful protest!
Sach m ye kisan nhi terrorist h 
My support to farmers in delhi(from tamilnadu)
Modi is becoming an assistant to businessmen, not as an assistant to farmers.
In India everybody wants change but nobody wanna change. If farm law enacted might help them but they rejected it completely. How can you expect different result by doing same thing. In Bihar aurangabad Dabur taking honey from farmers selling it under their brand. Paying them on time. What wrong in that. Farmers need corporate like Ammul. Just by watching media news forming perception about govt, won't do anything. It is imperative for the seekers  to ask the correct question to get the right answer.
It's true...too much politics and democracy hampering growth and development. I believe, farmers will be crushed their selves in future.
Yes that's why farmers won...
Wish all this gets sorted soon for the better of farmers and not for some political reasons. Farmers ALL OVER THE COUNTRY(not just from few regions) in India deserve much better life than what they have now.
If the Punjab farmers are getting problem with this law .
Everyone gangster til Indian tractors burst through your barricades
My prayers with the farmers
So many people are saying ground reality is different. It is. The ground reality is that most farmers are protesting against abolishment of MSP which is not even happening.  There need to be more awareness campaigns and better communication.
Well this is absolutely incorrect. Actually the way its brought out in American media totally blown out of proportion just to Defame India. Well the real thing you and the world should be talking about is the Uighur Muslims in China. Where are they going. They are being systematically wiped off from the country. Talk about it first and learn about the New Farm laws( correct ones) then we talk.
If anybody wants to know more about the farm bills go to the print YouTube channel. Their Mr.Sekhar Gupta is explaining it clearly. Mr Sekhar Gupta is an impartial journalist and UPA government had given him Padma Bhushan also.
Hey @Vice News, you guys meed to put up a Warning for Graphic Content in the start of this video as well... That car ramming the farmers is sickening to watch
People resist change because change brings uncertainty.  Indian farming sector needs these reforms but farmers' concerns are also genuine and it's the government's responsibility to allay their fears.
It will impact on PDS the govt will buy from private players for food distribution the lower class will be impacted and price of commodity will be manupliated
Sikhs do not need any certificate from anyone, anywhere in the world, they just do great wherever they go. They love their country of birth and respect all countries they live in. They are central pillars of India and Pakistan.
If there is an infraction of the contract, do you think that a farmer has got any chance of getting justice in our present system?
VICE is always biased against modi government.
Support To Indian Farmers
Vice, could you cover the hijab protests happening in India where longtime students of colleges have recently been barred from going to school due to protests by far-right BJP hindutva protestors.
I am very happy with this new situation as are most genuine farmers I know in Coastal AP.
Big news. Congratulations to all farmers and Indian people.
I hope everyone understand the situation of the farmers and stop calling them anti-nationals it is not good for the country and other neighbouring countries can take advantage of that.
Indian Dictator Modi could end this right not by not passing the laws that hurt the farmers...But he rather have them gather during this pandemic...ALL THIS IS ON MODI.
APMC system is not good as it Because before Punjab Produce almost 26 kind of crops and sell , but due to ApMc , it's comes down to 6 and now it's only 2 like wheat and rice , so it's effect alot , it's almost 75 year's nobody try to implement Swaminathan committee recommendations , atleast now govt using these recommendations for welfare of the farmers , New change is always difficult ,But I want to see our farmers happy and getting double income and it can be happen with these new bills and laws ..
Who come here after bill rejection in November 
Some facts(corrections to what he said in the video), First of all these laws were not unconstitutional (otherwise supreme court would have repealed them ) secondly MSP hataane ki baat laws mein nahi likhi gayi aur iski video mat dekho vikas divyakirti sir ki video dekhi ache se explain kiya hai unhone.
Never thought a megalomaniac like Modi will repeal the laws but really glad he finally did. Reform is required but you have to consult and work with the farmers.
sad to see farmers struggling alone
Lets make 1 million likes on this video for samdish and farmers
GreAt work done by brother Harp farmer Nd guys from lallantop
Election aarahe hai eshileya bill peche liye gaye.
Farmers r working in fields...not protesting.....all foreign funding to unrest in india these things r happening...
The government says there will be an MSP, but can it assure whether procurement will be done at MSP. Can it give a written assurance that farmers will get MSP for their produce? questioned one of the many farmers protesting against the bills.
Well done to all the farmers very emotional time for all 
How bringing private players or privatization effects environment and farmers.  It will only remove the cartel system and political influence.  For example,  online marketing which this gentle man(dhruv rathee) using YouTube was considered bad for local business but it didn't impact small business.
They r not farmers, they r brokers
Huge loss to farmers. 
Thank you for supporting the farmers
Laugh, that Zee news scene was hilarious  godi media ... but its really sad how the government is labelling its own people who have sons In the army as anti national shame shame shame.
This jahil tikket and his rich farmers will not stop untill they get election tickets.... Their sponsorers donot want to stop .... 
Shows how incompetent Modi is. BJP lacks balls .
Only eat organic food people! I know that not everyone can afford it, but it's important to support the right farmers if you can.
Don't forget India is a member in WTO, World trade organization. 159 countries are currently members in WTO. As a member, you can sell your products in these countries and they can sell their products in India. What you have in India to sell?Countries like China can dump their cheap products in India. Shun your rebel attitudes, you have to be competitive to counter their aggressive marketing,  Modernize the farming sector, empower the farmers,  don't enslave the farmers to the middlemen in the mandis for ever. Hate Modi is your agenda, hence these kind of videos.
Who is really responsible for the death of 600+ farmers? 
I honestly feel shame on those people who still supporting this bills at the top leaders are not accepting us . After all you can in this video how they work how they connect to each other . Hope god bless us more and the way we doing this protest get more high level .. plz support us cause we need this time . I am telling all Indian citizens........ help as you can ... 
Dont you know, every year , more than fifteen thousand farmers commit suicide. Basically, these bills are for the benefit of farmers. Ultimate goal is , farmers should be paid more, no more suicides, better and sustainable farming techniques, and more security of farmers interest.
Why is modi still the prime minister of india 
Now, why farmers are really opposing this bill is due to 'trust' issue that you intentionally forget to mention here. This govt. is run by few selective corporates that we should never undermine. They can fully overtake agricultural sector provided this bill is implemented.
Singhu border. Four state people Punjab,  haryana,  himachal and jammu kashmir are suffering.  2.5 hour transportation etc is being done on shabby road. Neither govt nor kisan leaders are understanding common man problems.  If proper survey is done it will be revealed that millions of people have lost their livelihood
Please let us know why fears of farmers are not removed by Government? I can see that common man will suffer the most. But I do appreciate that it is first in interest of  farmers. Of course it's going to benefit traders in not properly enforced.
Election nai ata toh repeal nai hota farm laws 
Modi media we support kisan andlon
Necessary to form nationalised ownership governmental unique political organisation party of farmers and labourers for each collective group. Please Farmers and labourers firstly demand this.
A small victory to Socialist Secular India. No to Privatization, No to Corporations, No to Modi.!! Jai Kisan.!!
Just like farmer all the people come together against inflation, 90 to 95% will be benefited.
Even i was with the farmers till december with all my heart but when the protest gone violent we really hate the punjabi farmers
I am not a Farmer ,  THIS is the Grand Protest OF India ,  Salute to these People. FULL SUPOORT ,Jai Hind
bjp will loose all elections
Never will I ever give my vote to BJP. Done with this party. Just when I thought that our country would get rid of the ugly ghosts of socialism Modi destroys it all over again. Done with this weak party led by a weak leader.
This is all for the coming elections. Farmers still don't forget all those hardships, all those people who died due to this, all those people who are brutally murdered by running over vehicle on them. we have to vote that Fraud out and drag every Godi media  to court who tried to defame the farmers, mothers and country. Or else this will never end.
So the first farm law clearly states that companies will have freedom to buy farming products other than apmc.
Farmer is  backbone of the India.
5% crops only get their msp price before this law was implemented so who should we think about those 5% or remaining 95% and there were private players fron the beginning of this market.
No. Sorry to you mr Modi ji that some of my country people are stupid. That they cant even understand there own loss .
These bills are already implemented in Bihar and MP go to the ground and ask from the farmers of those states where the govt is not giving MSP .Where the traders snatch there money after taking their crop.He is the worst guy who is speaking about the rights of farmers.
These FCI guys should be thrown in jail. And treated like common criminals. These are the guys funding the farmer protests. Superb Video.
Stop lying, Farmer can sale outside APMC, In APMC farmers get at-least MSP. Only 6% farmer get MSP because we don't have APMC every where in India. by the way you make good business video.
Thanks a lot for bulding a right concept about farm bill
Do you have any idea what are the laws they are protesting against.Thr law allows farmers yo sell their products wherever they like.Earlier they could sell it to an agency called APMC.AC is controlled by rich traders.These traders give money on loan to farmers and they take the products at a minimum support price.Even a farmer like to sell outside of the APMC,he is not allowed.So uneducated farmers are bound to sell it these traders.Now the law allows free market which ll harm traders.Traders misinformed their farmers and brought them on road.And other law, they r protesting is stubble burning fine.if there is no fine air pollution ll continue and more money to be spend on medicine .So govt charged hefty fines. Farmers are not ready to change the habbit of stubble burning.
Kejari is fake,  he is provoking farmers... Kejari partnership with china to pull down India and Indian growth story...
I read somewhere that one criticism of these bills is that there is no provision for legal settlements in case of disputes between private companies and farmers. Do you think this is an accurate critique or a politicized issue?
Although i support the Govt. but it has big problem with communication skill. First they should have consult with Farmers Union before passing the bill. Mann ki baat is good thing but you are not listening their concern and suggestion. Timing is wrong when govt. is busy with Covid and Bengal Elections.
I am son of a farmer from punjab , was looking for bhakts in comment section but all the 18k comments are +ve . So thnk for such a support my humble countrymen . 
Liked the video but I don't understand how you could justify the protests. Protests against the bills doesn't make any sense at all unless there's some hidden agenda!
An extremely intelligent way to create/amend laws that sound like they benefit farmers, but in fact only line the pockets of big organisations. Farmers will earn less, if they're lucky some 'big' farmers may earn the same. Consumers will pay more. 
Modi regime is worst than dictatorship. Independence for Punjab is the only solution
Bill Gates Becomes #1 US Farmland Owner
Kishan aise bol rahe hai jaise wo free mai hame khana de rahe hain.  Ham paisa dete hain to tum apna product bechte ho.   And abb up election vote hai tab mat dena    but wahan jita doge  then bologe govt baat nahi man rahe hai    aise kaise chalega didid
. even if highest of achievements  , neglecting agriculture will be a disaster  for a nation like ours.  The farmers be given the highest priority  but weed out the exploiters .
I stand with farmers worldwide!!! Pay them fair they are really hardworking decent people..
Irony of this protect is that Indians already getting less than half price of crop in government procurement system and punjabi admire canadaian american system most and they having  private food market .
So sad pm modi intentions was good but some people under political agenda is not cooperating these farmers will understand later
BHARAT MATA KI JAI.. GOD SAVE INDIA.. INDIAN JANTA KA JAAN KA KIMAT OR AUKAAT YE HAI.. KISI BHI PARTY KO VOTE DO.. POWER TO UNHI KO MILEGA.. AND AFTER ELECTION.. TMHARA AUKAT ALU K PURANE BORE JAISA HOGA..KHALI*
What about the so called 10000 Farmers Producers Organisation (FPOs) across the country. can you explain that too?
Now the last law says, a farmer can sell his crop anywhere in India. How can a farmer afford to travel and sell his crop with all the travelling expanes, gas and so, when there are farmers who own less than 2-3 acres. 
Let me tell you one he ( dhruv rathee ) only does one sided talk . In 2017 even Arvind Kejriwal also want this bill and at that time bjp opposed it .IF YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH THEN SEE "NITISH RAJPUT" VIDEO ON farm bill. Here Rathee speak HALF FALSE and half truths.
Please support farmers.
We support the farmers protest. Thanks for the informative video.
She had explained the things well but finally end up in a erroneous conclusion. Definitely there are lots of issues with current APMC systems. Bt the new acts are going to worsen the situation further. Now onwards the farmers needs to bargain with more powerful purchasers than earlier small traders. The small/medium farmers wouldn't have any bargaining power with big corporates. If the intention was to make MSP mandatory in every private transaction,  why did the bills not contain a clause that the price paid to the farmer by the purchaser shall not be less than the notified MSP?. That's why lakhs of farmers are on the streets. 
Most of urban youth is still unaware about the issue #supportfarmers
3. idealy this policy is for whole country but mostly applied in Punjab and haryana coz they had the infra of roads basic irrigation Mandi setup begin so msp policy applied mostly here. Even today you ll mandis infra on every few km in these two states but not in rest of the states
So gov compromised for few states. Disregarding rest of states.. in from south and i am a farmer. This is really sad. We were happy that there will be reforms . . politics failed farmers again.
We are all with the farmers.. i swear i am never going to vote for bjp in my life.
Do wrong and show off that I did right. What a scam.  Many people died. Lots of wealth damaged. Nice modi Ji 
Nicely explained priya ji thanks for clearing all doughts and politics around this farm bills 2020
There are 650 million farmers only a million have problem , others thinks its necessary.
Victory to the farmers struggle. 
If this is such an evil bill, then why aren't farmers from other parts of the country protesting. In fact many other farmers(more than the ones protesting on highways and causing civil unrest) support the bill.
Still the farmers have the option to sell their produce in APMC on MSP. Then why farmers go for traders directly who would provide him lesser price.....-"freedom of choice" "freedom to carry out trade and commerce (Art.-19)
It just shows that India is not China and we cant just strong arm stuff , even if they are the right thing to do. I hope this is a lesson for the government to engage in broader consultations before pushing laws through. It also shows the inherent strength of democracy in India and the strength of popular public movements. Today I feel very proud of my country, even if I supported the proposed laws. Kudos to the farmers and their resolve that brought the government to this decision. Thanks to the PM for showing this flexibility, even if it is for the elections. Lets heal and move on
Government of India bills-
Jab Gita Gopinath ne bjp ki economic nitiyo ko kharab bola tha tab to sab maan gye the ki woh bahut badi economist hai woh jyada janti hai, or jab usi Gita Gopinath ne Farm laws ko achcha bataya to woh sanghi ho gai thi or uski economics ki saari knowledge 0 ho gai wahh. Chutiya log chutiya logic.
Thanks for raising voice for Farmers
 sorry farmers. Maaf karna hamko aap logo k sath normal people nhi join ho rhe hai sorry
2) If there is an MSP maintained, is it not like subsidizing the agro industry itself? And subsidies mean artificially allowing the industry to operate at low profits or even losses. With an MSP in place, crops can be sold at lower prices than should be, artificially keeping the food price inflation in check at a high level ( - of course there are agents, aadtis and middle men who take away the lions share in ways of commission, bribe, which makes the product pricing not too low either but internationally our raw food prices are definitely lower - ) , which benefits the entire nation in terms of cheaper food available, but also is one important factor in citizens producing more & more children, driving the population up - which we have clearly seen since the Green Revolution and hence puts more pressure on the same system that it stands on whilst also making sure of more environmental damage. So, subsidies do not help, they only help protect mediocre pricing keeping the same farmers pegged back and not able to explore better pricing and bring more agricultural efficiencies in place. Imagine Netherlands, with the proper use of hydroponics and no subsidies, they have been able to become the second largest food exporting nation in the world whilst being smaller than Maharashtra.
This andolan is not only for farmers , passengers traveling in trains will also affected by this black laws.
A victory for our great farmers.... An act of desperation by the govt in view of the forthcoming election in UP
The farmers with tractors are rich farmers & getting full  benefit of MSP earning  non taxable income
after 2022 state elections farms laws again will be implemented.
Wow so much democracy and freedom.  But why the police beat them?  Doesn't India know that's  against  human rights?  Lol
1. Government could not effectively manage its own institutes and facilities that led to corruption and mismanagement and now  Farmers have to pay for it
allows electronic trading and e-commerce of scheduled farmers' produce.
Farmers we support you 
PLEASE SHARE THIS VIDEO PUNJAB IS HURTING AS WELL AS ALL INDIA WE NEED INTERNATIONAL LOVE AND SUPPORT
Sir with due respect what you explain that are at for good for ideal condition. I am giving one example what you explain considering Bihar. In UP sugarcane is most common products apart from government purchase its private prices are almost half with Same day payment not 10% less while you discussed the case of  Rs 1600/ 100kg for Bihar for commn wheat. The main draw back of agriculture is storage and safety I mean the self life of commodity is lesser than any of products.
 what they were ignoring.(farmer protest)
Western media  why rprotest only Punjabi farmers,  majority farmers hv no issues with new law,
This is a blatant lie that in existing APMC system, farmers are not allowed to sell their products outside of APMC.
Modi government made route for reliance.... every step of bjp destroyed India.....
Don't mess with the farmers. They are critical and essential to an economy.
Finally , govt is doing wrong for farmer, bcoz in future have to face many problem
Fun fact: Opposition protested these farm laws but this govt passed the law unlawfully. Farmers protested for almost whole the year but PM never spoke to them personally. 
Farmers are feeling insucurities that's the problem and opposition parties are misguiding our farmers and taking advantage of it.
Overall, it seems to be a step in the positive direction for the farmers. The middlemen have a lot to lose. The common man may feel the pinch but with private players coming into the field, the agri sector will get a huge boost. This will be very good for the country. The private players will only come in the agri sector if they see profits. With many private players coming in the agri sector, prices will be decided by demand and supply.
Sir there is a video on social media which shows a guy wearing Khalistan logo and bhinder wala face printed t-shirt please verify and make a short video on it to clarify whether it's from lakhimpur kheri or not. And if not then what's the reality of that video. Thank you
Farmers....
after listening to this whole video. I came to the conclusion that farmers lost too much.
They produce only these two but refusing to go other crops....why farmers death....one is no water. Another is poor seed and another is infection...india now has enough rice and wheat production...more than enough is wasteful ...so they need to produce required crop only...for excess they need MSP. ...enonomy will be spoiled....support farmers but who are in need only and here they are in need of help but they exploit our freedom. Democracy....we are with them but they are not with us ...public
Many farmers in my village are unhappy with the repeal. But I think they deserve to not deserve these laws.
Let me share some facts with you  bro . Its not farmers its punjab govt who is fueling it ..because blow might be on punjab govt's revenue because today central government purchases 80 to 85 percent of rice ( which punjabi and haryanvi doesn't eat  ;) ) ...
New Farmer's Laws : Hey you can do this too or you can keep doing what you were already doing.
2. provides a legal framework for farmers to enter into pre-arranged contracts with buyers including mention of pricing.
If kejriwal is a pm then India become developed country
Corrupt news. The only thing that was violent was the tear gassed, hot waters and murder assassins hired by the Indian (pro-Hindu) government (who made anti farmer laws) that tried to kill Sikhs/Punjabis that make most of their living on farms. Theres a lot of shit missing in this video. Punjabi Farmers have been peaceful since the start and still are. Punjabs are strong warriors.
Love you everyone From Punjab Up Hariyana Rajisthan & Southindian
It is not because of the elections that the government took back the laws but to save the country from Anti Indian parties
Is there NO upside to taking the govenment out of this? It's obvious the farmers are upset and reject the bill. But is there no upside in all of this? Take out middleman and sell to  Corporations? I know there is some buffers and protections for farmers previously can anyone tell me both sides of issue?
Election aa rha  boht tez ho tha ho modi ji
As least we Indians dint rob shops...... We showed strength with more then 400k tractors at capital... No country n this world can do this....... No politician son or business man son joins army or police.... They all r farmers sons over  there..... They do nothing these barrier r just showcase..... we got excavator n bacoloder standing backside
That means corporate will make a bill on higher price pay them less by their quality and service terms and conditions s
British news Channel doesn't see India growing reputation....thats why they don't want Modi Govt.
Indha bill nalla dha irku....but government oru base price vaikanum... Idhonnu irundha i think everything will be ok...
This is inhumane,cruel and insane  act on farmers...,Rest those souls in peace...,.Yes,but the real question is will the culprit be punished for murders...
In the new bill a company is also falls under the definition of farmer
Salute to the farmers of country and very very thanks to the PM Modi ji . Now we all work hard for development of the country
BJP RSS government links Taliban Afghanistan
Thank you For the Detail Video. Before This My view was 99% In the favour of farmer. But after Listing to this 3hrs video My Lookout has changed. Now is 80% Government And 20% farmer  Respectly. Thank Sir 
Moreover you said at the start of the video ki pehle jab apmc nai tha farmers fell prey to debt. at the hands of pvt. entities like moneylenders .. nye bill se toh wahi hogana apmc nikal dege kuch waqt baad aur fir money lenders k badle ab badi corporate companies farmers ko exploit karegi ... aur badi companiyo k taakat k samne aam farmer kya cheez ... very sad half assed analysis .. are you paid?
Farmers curse Modi downfall
All is the mistake of Kissan neta who are responsible for this riots because they are using farmers as Their weaphon  . Farmers have to know the whole propogenda of this "Dongi" neta 
3. There is need of more options for farmers than only depend on APMC.
I am with the farmers in spirit.  When I see their faces my heart goes out to them. And truly this is about more even than the farmers.  Farmers are the backbone of any country. We need to make a stand for the common people.  The suffering of our Brothers is not separate from us. God Bless them and God Bless us All.  May we all prosper and have a right to live our lives with dignity. The lock downs are not achieving anything but creating great suffering and poverty.
Watch Dhristi IAS video 3 hours long video on Farm Bill not a propaganda piece
Next election my vote will be NOTA. U cannt trust modi and all politicians
Modi let them win modi has enough power to win but after that not some farmer protester but a whole commuty is going to be degraded in global level and that respect toward community is turn down
Supari price in wayanad ( getting farmer ) = 70 /- kg 
- The contract between farmers and companies is only binding on companies as per new law..
The thing is , Farmers from Punjab won that's it.  And don't ever bark about development and compare india to china , US cause here seamless democracy is the sweet poison for India, we've seen in NRC, CAA, CAB we've seen in farmers law . So we gonna stay like that forever.
People should use their common sense, understand what are the laws,how it will impact us n farmers,it's very simple logic these laws will only benefit corporate,Farmers are fighting bravely let's support them.#SupportFarmers,our govt is pathetic,almost 80 people lost their lives in this protest,why modi ji is not speaking on this,shame on the govt.
Maine to socha tha. Bohot pehle se pata tha election se pehle wapas ho jayenge. Ek teer se 2 shikar ho gye. Up aur punjab
India is totally different from China, originally CCP was mainly made up by farmers, Mao was a leader of farmers, over 95% of Chinese Red army were farmers, CCP mainly dependent on farmer used rural surrounding cities to finally take over the national power, and China's farmers are China's back borne.  it is a tradition that CCP central committee Politburo every year issue a Number 1 document at the beginning of the year, it is about farmer and agriculture. Xi JP put "get rid of rural farmers poverty" as his first priority when he became the president, many top provincial leaders were fired for them could help the farmers lift from poverty effectively. 
We are not against the Farmer Protest, but in the name of  farmer Protest, Khalistani is also being supported.
When a change government happens one day, the parties that opposed it today may start singing another tune. The biggest drawback of ruling parties is their illusion of majority and power. The 'majority' is fickle because it is based on first past the post and not 50% + votes.  That is why a forthcoming election generates fear and all the bravado vanishes. Unfortunately these elections are able to influence only negative feelings and convergence to a set of positive feelings is not generated by them. Consensus building is an art all political parties have to learn.  We have seen nearly same ideas getting supported or opposed based on the make up given to their avatars. Farm laws were talked of by Congress. But they readily joined the agitators because they thought it can be a way to defeat BJP. Congress is a clueless party that could not find a robust growth model. It is all about appeasement all the time. BJP should also realize they are running out of runway, and if it can not usher in reforms with adequate consensus building approach, they will also crash. All so called majority governments have just about 30% votes only.
  6%   APMC (MSP)         APMC  MSP     ,    ,       /     .
The farmers protest is the messiest protest movement I have ever seen.
BBC Something Will Start From Tomorrow You Should Call The Animal Organisation Ok These Are Festivals From The Peaceful Community Ok Also Also One Thing About The Farmers Protest The Bill They Are Not For The Bill They Are For 2 Things : First Is They Do Not Like BJP And Second Thing Is That They Want Something Like On Getting Ok Try To Say Something About This Ok !!!!!
This is personally ghamandi Modi's defeat, Bjp's to follow soon. Very soon.
I think the government and judiciary is no more required in the country. Mr Tikait should become whole sole in India
It seems only Farmers from punjab and haryana have issues with the new farm laws. Farmers from other states are protesting FOR keeping the new laws as they are. This video only shows vested interests of liberandus, ignoring the real Farmers. I mean what kind of protests have home like tents, massage chairs, free wifi, pizza parties, etc? Old laws keep Farmers at the mercy of middlemen and APMCs. But these new laws help Farmers sell at MSP to anyone they want and to the highest bidder.
Onions price goes high, congress will hit modi, modi ban export formers don't get profit... Govt should not indulge in agriculture industry... Govt have to make sure farm land are sold of highway project and industries... don't want another singur or chennai salem expressway
It's industrial Pollution in the Air not Haryana & Punjab's Stable burning pollution.
Well invested my 3 hours. Thank you for making this video. Now since the farm laws have been repealed, I believe it is a huge loss to the farmers. The protests now seem to be running a political agenda and probably were well funded!
So both farmers and govt are right and wrong in their own place, there are disadvantages as well as advantages to this bill. Discussions should be done to remove the disadvantages once and for all rather than making it political issue. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Jai Hind
Contract banane ki process me VLE's ki help honi chahiye farmer ko 
No farmer No food 
I support the bills after researching a bit. Can you please (A kind request) explain what the hell is the problem with these 3 bills.
Hats off to the kind hearted ladies there who appeared more informed and sensitive to farmers cause than their male counterparts...I wish the boys who were interviewed learn from the girls ...respect to all those stand by the farmers..
Farmers point: they are worried about price of their crop, MSP gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it.
The government wants to be capitalistic, but the farmers want to be socialists. I think uncle sam with agree with the Indian government.
The maximum of 50% increase on mandatory Minimum support price on Maximum sale price
BJP is true pro India party. Agli baar BJP ko hi vote karunga national election mein.
Vice such a propaganda machine for left liberals . Vice open ur eyes only opposition states farmers are protesting. Why only people of Punjab are protesting what about reat of India?
BTW it was optional to sell outside mandi koi compulsory nhi tha agr in kuch kisano ko nhi bechna tha bahr to na bechte no body were forcing them 
We r with Farmer
Yes, Msp is the only way to protect farmers in the country with customer's with quality food. 
"Thefarmerhas to be anoptimistor he wouldn't still be afarmer." - Will Rodgers.
Stand with Indian farmers .... BJP is anti national
India loss a golden opportunity which can explore by our Indian Farmer, "Rajesh Tket doest know anything about  Farmers , a real shame for Indian Farmers.
Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
Mandi tax are laid upon the traders only, Farmers are not liable to pay any sort of mandi tax..!!
I know it's very hard to farm like in this time but you are throwing india flag like this shame on you punjabi
India needs more cold storage plants the govt can't invest all over india we are short of funds neither the farmers can do that
Whole summary will be - There is nothing to protest but protests happened to make ruling party to come on it's knees by letting it into vulnerabilities of victim fiasco with having preconceieved notion of ruling government being fascist but which is absolutely not but in reality it is most pussy footing moderate government i have ever seen in Indian history. Due to this governments pussy footing, this protest went so longer. The real question is why this protest is going so longer inspite the clause to clause negotiation of farm bill is on card? Any laws are negotiated. but here, it's not negotiation, it's pure pure and pure rebelism.
John 3:16 "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." Jesus of Nazareth, who was God in the flesh of a man, died for the remission of sin, including yours, was buried, and rose form the dead 3 days later.  If you simply believe in this to apply to you and trust Jesus to save you from hell then you have everlasting life in heaven.  John 6:47 "verily, verily I say unto you, he that believes in me has everlasting life."-Jesus.
But still , rakesh tikait farmer's don't go to their homes . They still have some unfinished business.
Even Modi will be rejected by People.
First of all no sense to cover punjabi out of the nation, second punjab is sinking on his own deeds, wonder I am from MP, also a bread basket state our farmers are okay with the bills. Third government is open for clause to clause discussion and give MSP guarantee. How misleading your title and video is @vice read some articles i hope you will see every aspect, where government is wrong and lastly farmers of punjab are not completely right. Water canons tear gas is wrong thats true but punjab need reforms basically. Arhatiyas game is not going to stay longer (fyi arhatiyas are middleman). Another misleading video by vice.
But sir what about farmers are demanding for MSp and protesting... Against
Well explained  That's the reason why i choose your topic presentation over Ravish Kumar and Arnav. Bdw my opinion on this topic are ,Like SEBI,IRDAI there should be a regulatory body for farmers . Because no doubt India's major population are farmers. As all farmers are not well educated , so they won't be able to know the standard price of their produced items. So there should be a special television program or news paper article , where the regulatory body will publish the price index weekly  or monthly. This might help the farmers to know the price .
I think these 3 bills are not good for farmers. Government just want to leave their duties to support poor farmers and these bills are mostly support private companies. Indian farmers are not as strong as private companies and they can't fight for their rights from these companies. It is govt duties to help and facilitate poor farmers and in India mostly farmers are small farmers.
Its ambani and adani police stopping Indian farmers to protest for there rights.
Treat the peasant farmer like a king because he feeds your people - Julius Nyerere
If you want to do something for farmers make MSP(Minimum Support Price)  legal in law. Don't make fool by 3 law.
Every failure systems applied in India like computerized voting, online documents system, now farmers ordinance.
Stringent action should be taken against miscreants Artis and agents.. They are not Hard working farmers...
Bjp supporter good bro
If Babbar Khalsa is a part of Farmer Protest. Why UP govt is giving out compensation of 45 lacs and Govt Jobs to the victims.  ABP KE KUTTO ANSWER PLEASE?
#boycott_adani #boycott_ambani #boycott_jio #boycott_reliance #farmersprotest #boycott_godimedia #boycott_capitaltv
Ma'am you such a way as you deep dived into farmers' valley,but this is the fact .As i belong to a village has approx 1200 farmer families, in fact my father himself is a small farmer;by the way almost all1200 know about APMC MANDIS(locally they call KENDRA MANDI) which are camped for a small fixed tenure of about 40 days ,hardly 6to 7 out of 1200 get access to sell their their produce.This rabi season wheat price at kendra was Rs.1925 ,i asked my sell wheat at kendra but he hesitated and said "the process is long that  grain can get rust by unpredictable rain and many more pathic  issues take place. And finally farmers surender to MARCHENTSat Rs 1650 .
Dada what about the middle man issue ? They literally take away a huge chunk of the profit which should have gone to the farmers. Here in my village it's certainly not the case..the farmer who produces he himself sits in the Mandi...but it's a small local village. 
27. The new laws will empower the farmers and give them the opportunity of choice that was never available to them.
I think this is a fake BBC, it's actually praising farmer's law.
Being a delhiite, I'm ashamed of central government work. An uneducated is elected and loved for being a goon. I support farmers because my family background is full of farmers and soldiers. We need a leader who understands commonman and stop selling India in name of privatization. 'Bharat Mata ki Jai'
Im really disappointed with this incredibly biased reporting, if it could even be called reporting. Youve only tried to showcase half the arguments. Its only really the fairly richer farmers in Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh that are protesting these new laws. The protests may have many deep separatist and foreign influences. You should read through the bill just once and youll realise that that theyre genuinely going to benefit all the farmers of India. No government in India can really pass any laws against the farmers or theyll be booed out of power in a day because farmers form the basis of our society. The government has had 11 talks with farm groups and its the farmers who are refusing to cooperate. Also, its not that nobody should be allowed to comment on the internal matters of a particular country, its just that they must be well informed while doing so. The Daily Show is simply promoting misinformation if they do such badly researched and biased segments.
Farmers to support karo yaar...
Whatever he said ..is absolutely right...taking back the decision is worst decision.Due to 10% #so_called farmers 90% actual farmers will suffer.... Reformation and development is difficult in democracy
1. By definition india does not have large farmer (when compared to global agri.) thus all Indian farmers have extremely limited price negotiation power. When we see the new laws with price negotiation ability farmers lose every time. 
Trains blocked by farmers in punjab, Devotees going to Golden temple suffer a lot... Railway ticket cost amritsar to ambala is Rs. 110 but buses charge Rs.  350,   looting own punjabis by blocking trains, very bad
MSP is basically restricted to Punjab,Haryana and Western UP and only for wheat and rice and FRP on Sugarcane. There is MSP on other produce but Govt. don't buy them. Also this Act was in pipeline for years but wasn't getting passed because the mandi nexus is powerful and Agriculture is state subject.
Fearful Modicracy before UP election
The farmers are so aware about their rights and the govt is calling them misguided. Even they speak English, better than Modi. Hatsoff to our farmers. 
Farmers please:-
parliament. But protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th and want full
TATA is Investing in BigBasket . So They can Make Farmers rich, selling their Produce (Products) abroad.
Don't let the screamers have the last say,More power to farmers 
Farmers have been crushed by BJP ministers son. And all this news channel sees is a t-shirt. You will rot in hell. Such inhuman people we have as our reporters. Please dont sell your soul.
Indirectly ye to farmers ka gala got rhe
Traders when have to buy will buy from plaes where its available at cheaper prices be ti from other  countries and our farmers will suffer when traders dont buy from them . Think of the chines products that have infested indian stores in all sextors bcause of the congress free trade policy by great MMS when he was the FM in 1991. 
Good for farmers but midiator misguiding the farmers
 2. How Indias president Modi owns all media and used propoganda to have the citizens believe farmers are a terrorist organization. Pin this on one religion. When this involves all farmers despite their religion.
  Whatever the farmer does, the minister and his son will never be arrested because BJP is ruling both at the center and in the state---
I support the farmers. Financially. Where can I wire the money?
This situation of apprehensive created by  other political parties in the  innocent farmer's mind.
Farmers never demand ed since,,1950 during last congress government n Janta Dal govt when late
It is a misfortune that we Indians will quickly forget the atrocities done on the farmers, undemocratic way of passing the bills, defaming of the farmers etc etc. And cast our votes on emotions rather than facts.
How could this constable throw tear gas while farmers are crossing the bridge....how inhuman act....
we support farmers from USA California
i think if implemented this could be helpful for poor farmers who are exploited by intermediate agents in the mandis....but to implement this will take a lot of time and opposition
This is about politics, not farmer rights
I'm from Madhya Pradesh (india), no one talking about the local small business based on farming but  got amazed that Vox bring it up thanks. 
Modi is shame for India now.
Awesome straight forward explanation like jalebi and u literally said that now farmers should have to educate enough to right terms and conditions.. wow & now straight to the point, it doesn't look like that u r against the bill just make this video to convince people that bill is actually good for farmers... and it shows   in the starting of the video when u said that who already sets  their perspective about this farming bill don't have to watch video. My English is not too good but i tried that who ever read this can understand in easily .
PM Modi when farmers no need  three law why you made these law, now you said it is optional.
Never forget our farmers hardships this modi government should be ashamed how they treated our farmers whagurujis kirpa 
While I have great respect for the farmers, I have a few questions for them. Currently, farmers are a completely pampered lot, who pretty much get everything free of cost. Electricity - free. Water - free. Loans - at no interest and waivers in case of poor output. Income tax - waived. On top of all this, they want minimum price guarantee. So, my questions are as follows:
Modi ji ,you are great and knows how to fool Indian Public .....Great dramatic character...it is a suggestion to open a Drama School to train students for politics and NSD admission as a part time business ,great...Modi ji really you are a very clever and a different type of chracter ,uderstand it without saying...... We support our farmers not a puppet of Capitalist.... Jai Kisan Jai Bharat
Farm Bill is As Simple As 
Important to note for anyone who may not know, the bill targets all farmers across india, not just those from Punjab. There are farmers from other states who are currently protesting, and farmers from other states who have protested in the past about farming conditions in general
Kids are celebrating reapealing of farm bills..
Good video as usual Vox, but i expected them to do more thorough analysis on reasons why is their need for any reforms in the first place. Though i agree that farmers buy-in is essential, but it's important to start with the right facts. 
1kg 1:2 price ratio 1 for Farmers 2 for retailer price in that society and also  limit with volume of product
I love your bits Trevor, but you just covered it like any other western media house. Not understanding the complications of farming issues in India, not actually knowing what the laws are and just like celebrities who don't go to any lengths to understand an issue, and just put a flashy tweet out, you joined the bandwagon of media just blaming a govt for going for reforms. You said, more than 50% of Indians are involved in farming, but it contributes to only 17% of our GDP. Care to know why? Because the marketing system sucks in India. We buy a produce for 50 rupees and the farmer gets 5 rupees. Middlemen suck the hell out of farmers income. A farmer can't even sell outside his district let alone his state. These farm laws don't abolish the previous mechanisms, just provide farmers more options to sell. And just because many people are protesting, and getting tweets from celebrities, doesn't mean that the cause is justified. 
Rakesh tikait was hero to zee media , he was only topic  revenue was only bcoz of rakesh ji..
This is for election gift.dont hop to modi government.only jumla 100/%jumla
We stand with Indian farmers,  down with all oppressive tyrannical governments!!!!!!
Farmers are allowed to sell their produce outside the APMC, there is no restriction on the these sale
The root of the problem is the massive population that needs to be fed. Feeding 1,4 billion people in India (or anywhere around the world) with fruits and "bio" produce is impossible. What people kinda always ignore is that the problem is right between their legs. Making 5-10kids and then crying that you can't feed them is ignorant. To have a sustainable agriculture, you need sustainable population size. There will be a lot of suffering in the coming years, until people realize that... or learn the hard way.
Though It was funny, you should have done some in depth research. The new laws don't dismantle the Mandis, rather give farmers the opportunity to work outside the Mandis.
Punjab has always been a very big contributer in Indian army. Why Indian govt. ignoring the rights of farmers from over 4 months.
The logic is simple, the middle men are eliminated and the farmers get their reliable price for their harvest and the people are not burdened with heavy price of essential commodities.
RESPECT FOR INDIAN FARMERS! These are the people who feed HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS of P E O P L E and whose toil and tears will never be appreciated by the AGRIMONSTERS i.e. the 'movers and shakers in the agricultural world nor the supermarkets at home and abroad" who treat them as the serfs and vassals of the Middle Ages in Western Europe. They are the people who produce in accordance with Nature and whose carbon footprint is negligible when compared to the carbon footprint of farmers in for e.g. The Netherlands. RESPECT for your protracted struggle and may you be able to send your sons and daughters - now confined to CHILD LABOUR by virtue of the existing circumstances - to schools of higher learning incl. Agriculture! - in the near future. RESPECT!
But the actual point is nobody force any farmer to make a contract outside mandi market.
Majority of farmers were poor
And modi is not a tyrant India has democratically elected him.
Answer: The commission agents (intermediaries) and the State Govt and its corrupt officials.   And  who will gain..........135 crore consumers of India.   And there is no direct impact on farmers but in future they will gain because of several mandis and buyers. And direct procurement from farmers may end up giving more money to farmers for their produce. BUT THEY WHY FARMERS ARE PROTESTING????   Answer is they are being lured into protest. 
Whatever, I understand upto now is that Farmer is asking MSP guarantee not only from Govt when farmer sell their produce to Govt but also asking Govt to make MSP mandatory even when they sell their produce to others like in open mandi or companies or middle men. So here question arises that Govt can guarantee when they purchase produce from farmers, but how they can guarantee MSP other than Govt means private mandis or companies or middle men. 
As an indian muslim, I know the feeling of being called a terrorist when we're not, I stand with these farmers, JAI HIND
Politician are protesting in the name of farmers
It's all about Wah Modi ji Wah
Plus Pakistan based ISI which earlier supported many anti India movement.
The govt should reconstruct APMC rather demolishing MSP...
Indian farmers are responsible for new covid waves across the world . They should be held responsible
Very very bad for farmers of India
Reduction in percentage of contribution of Agriculture to GDP, absolutely DOES NOT indicate that farmers have become poorer. It indicates a paradigm shift in the predominant GDP sector to Industry and Services.
"gamindar" means landowners not farmer
ee bill vannalum  APMC markets avidey thanne undaavillee.... apool aavidey poyii products sell chiyithal poree?
Who kept defending the Farm laws for more than one year by calling protesting farmers, khalistans & Terrorists,
Election is coming  ye toh hona hi tha they are losing but sad so many farmers died coz of him. Farmers should wait before doing anything because we can't trust feku on this.
4. Why Bihar farmers come to Punjab and Haryana to sell their crops?
What will happen once the mandis are closed and farmer sell at high price to corporate. After 2-3years there will be no mandis, corporate will only buy for cheap price as farmers has no option
 In India Physically Handicapped pay Income where as Rich / Super Rich Farmers do not.
The farmers are protesting in a peaceful manner.And more important they are protesting not just for themselves but for every common men because it will effect the common man the most.
Fact is congress not did anything good to India...and not allow to do BJP...
Aagar baki sab me MSP sahi se dete to farmers or bhi produce karte ....phir wheat or rice over store nai hoti ....or ha burger valo ko ye kehdo ki government se MSP k price se 1-2 rupees jyada me lele 
#FarmersProtest #supportfarmers
tikait & others don't go to farmers committing suicide in Maharashtra, Is it because not getting any fund for going there & is congress ruled state???????????
If the government can't do the things in the favour of farmers then please don't exploit us mr. Modi. We are supporting u that doesn't mean u r correct everytime. We are from India. The blood of country is farmers. And all of you guys please support the farmers moreover these drugs addicts. We are india and india is us
Did farmers agreed finally ?
Divide and rule are what modi has done to indians all are fighting with each other and baniyas are happily enjoying their castles 
Up with Farmers
>The 84% farmers who don't utilize MSP, do they actually sell for more than MSP or even less?
hahah ,, keep on protesting middle men and hoarders,,, you cannot malign the name of farmers ,, 10 thousand vs rest ,, we will entertain and enjoy your show until you go back home
India's greatest strength is its farming land. In terms of cultivatable area, it stands at #2 in the world, with #1 being the USA. All Indians must now come together and support their farmers, so that they can continue to provide nutritious non GMO crops to the population and also increase the countries export quota for vegetable and fruit produce. Please don't let the western zionists and neo-fascists takeover and destroy your lovely country.
When this BJP Govt can pass bills without consulting the oppn parties and without even convening the Parliament (Demonetization, GST, Amendments etc), why does the PM need to withdraw this bill only during winter session??? Can't it be done instantly at one stroke???
So many People lost their lives in this historic protest. Kindly keep their souls in your prayers.  Justice delayed is Justice Denied !. If this was done long back when our farmers braved police men, braved extreme weather conditions, and political pressures, this would have got some meaning. Not when elections are around the corner and project as nothing has happened at all
Please tag modiji and amit shah. May be they are unaware if this. As modi will never wants to harm the farmer in any way.
Truth is these corporates are greedy. If these bills are useful then why people from bihar come to work in punjab??
Salute to our farmers
Election offer- farmers law repeal
We support farmers 
Are Punjab Elections Coming By any chance?    Btw Wise decision Sir.
The same trick will work for price hike , if BJP losses UP , u'll suddenly see a SHEER DECLINE in the fuel prices
2. You didn't Mentioned That Government Agreed To Changes In Laws To Outside Apmc Mandi's MSP & Many Other 
It is the success of BJP IT cell that the passengers are not aware about the plight they will face after the laws come into force. In spite of best efforts by farmers the people around do not know how harmful are the laws for the common man too. Just let them know that in contract farming farmers are being paid 12 to 72 per kg by Adani company and company is selling same apple for 60 to 300 per kg. Every farm prodoce will face same fate if laws come into force.
Congratulations to the farmers of India 
Will these farmers vote for you now,BJP,modi?Ask them.
Punjab election are very close
Don't show the face of Rakesh Dacoit. We are irritated at seeing his face.
It is now for farmers to go back to ORGANIC FARMING. Farmers need to use Organic Pesticides, Vertical Tillage, and PEDAVER PQNK farming systems.
P.S. Anyone who repelled the farm laws were called 'andolanjeevi', 'terrorists', 'anti-national' by our very own IT cell. Now will they say the same to the PM, now that he is the one who repelled them?
The Anandpur Da Matta is in writing and the Government of India would benefit from making it law and then wait for UN to arrive for the whole map of India and it's radical to change next year. There will be no Congress elections in Punjab as EVM will be own up to shreds permanently 
We support farm law
All farmer's with modi
Why farmers against this law because there hasn't any point that is against farmers benefit these farm laws overall for betterment of farmers government has done a great job by making this law
Rather than taking view of foriegn media. Let check local media point of view towards it. Iam also belong to farmer family. Iam not oppose farmer but so called Indians ( opposition party) want to grab advantage to counter government. The laws were demanded previously but now government is change.
That's what happens when some don't want to make farmers bill pass for their political agenda  and playing politics they don't want to development of India 
After watching your video now.. I feel its a huge loss for the farmers that the bills have been repealed. Mobocracy shouldn't get over democracy.
To have a comparison about scale the avarage size of wheat farm in the wheat belt of western Australia  4 thousand acres whereas 85%of indian farmers are less than 2acres
Master plan.so later people won't blame EVM and GODI MEDIA can tell u that modi g won caz he think about farmers and poor people thats why people vote him .
We are with our farmers
When they sit on the negotiating table again. I hope the farmer unions also ask for the release of jailed farmers including those who furled nishaan Sahib at Lal quila.  It was not an insult to the national flag. Farmers respect the national flag and have given their lives for its pride.
They wont farm any good expensive crops, but always deoend on MSP crops.
Gunda Rakesh Tikait ne common public ko ban me rakha hai. Local villagers have the right to live peaceful life. They should carry out their routine work with ease. Villagers are very correct. Kick out Rakesh Tikait & gunda party.
Before rejoicing or dissing the volte-face Farm Bill repeal we could do no worse than not examining who or what might reap the maximum benefit from all these creative hullabaloos.
Only Punjab farmers amd artiyaas who are politically active in Punjab politics benefits from this
Educating farmers is a must must.
The powerful middlemen are happy. It is a sad day for the real farmers
We like your comedy but we don't like when you pick topics with half research and less than quarter knowledge. LOL. Why you didn't know that only farmers from a particular state (1/28) protests and not others? Chill and say BLM because apparently that's the only thing you can fully understand.
Why do people have so little confidence on the farmers entrepreneurial skills. They will be able to make deals which are profitable.
I saw a farmer holding mia khalifa photo 1:12
It s victory of unity & great efforts of Punjabi farmers. They didn't get support from other parts of states n farmers so, the credit goes to only these farmers. My solute...
The protesting Farmers form the select states have much to lose from these laws, but parallel to this it benifits many Farmers from the other south Indian states who were abused by the agents at mandi who buy at cheap rates, stock the produce and regulate the flow to earn big profits. This is a much needed bill although it might require some more research. It can benifit the country as a whole...
Farmers deserve our collective recognition and thanks ! Especially in COVID TIMES !  Priestess Hannah of THE FORGOTTEN GODDESS THAT DANCES WITH HER BROTHER THE SUN TO MAKE , CREATE AND PRODUCE ALL THE FRUITS AND VEGETABLES SENDS THEM LOVE, BLESSINGS AND OFFERS KISSES, HAND WASHES AND AND MASSAGES. The Hands of those Harvesting the produce of THE DANCE OF THE GODDESS WITH HER BROTHER THE SUN , are Holy ! Thank you much ! Eye Love You !
Talk about farmers. 
Finally  an INDIAN understanding my country's farmer crisis  BRAVO ! to grassroot  explaination 
It is fine if farmers don't want it,no point applying them forcefully.
Hats off all the farmers..and the  politicians those are supported the protest...
Salute to you farmers. We are with you Khalistan zindabad. Pakistan Zindabad
Why aren't they protesting in  US then, india is just trying to lay down the foundations of commercial farming like the system they have in the US.
Protest Update : The farmers protest became successful, government repealed the agriculture law and farmers now returned to home.
These changes in law benifit farmers  in rest of the India. They cut the middlemen and let small farmers have good prices. Vice please cover both sides. Not a big fan of Modi myself but we should hear both sides.
Congress party idea of showing Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi as center face is good idea but not sure if it will work to fight BJP.
Only 1% farmer are protesting
After one year of persistence n sacrifice  we won. kisaan ekta zindabad 
Could u please make a similar video on coffee plantations in India & it's market, coffee planters don't seem to fall under farmers  
I admire the commitment of these farmers.
Masterpiece created by Lallantop Team..  #kisanektazindabad
I dont think this was unbiased analysis. How modi sold out many sectors to Adani, Ambani like crony, everyone knows. Same is going to happen with farmers.
Indian Government wants to modernize agriculture to match with current challenges. Innocent farmers dont know whats in these new farm laws. Theyll never do it.
BJP is ruling India like Taliban. I feel am in Afghanistan the way what's happening in UP, and modi and Yogi is proud of it. Shame on MODI, Yogi and BJP.
groundroot reality Alag h, sangrur, Punjab mein cook and chips ki factory establish hui, farmers k sath Contract huva potatoes ka, Baad Mein company ne purchase krne se mna kr diya Iss bases pr ki Unki quality required level ki nhi h, problem sdm k pass gyi and according to contact company shi batai gyi. Farmers committed suicide. Ground reality is totally different from reality on Pprs.
With due respect , I would like to let you know , you need to do better research on farmer side . In ground reality those points highlighted why you guys are invalid , in-fact they play completely opposite role  against farmers .
Dhruv is saying that farmers might have to face monopoly of the big companies in open market...but APMCs would still exist. If farmers are not getting enough amount from open markets they can still sell it at MSP in APMCs.
There is only solution is farmers have get smart without loosing anything nothing will change. We have to change with time farmers should understand new ways and get benefits.
op akash bhai bole toh super op and congratulations to the farmers who won
And no there is no 18 months delay, farm  leaders did not accept the offer they just wanted to repeal it ...
I wonder why punjabi-Americans dont protest against the American government, after all,  they enjoy the fruits of the free market in US but when it comes to poor farmers in India, they must remain shackled by labour and farmer unions.
THEN WHY FARMERS ARR IN THE ROAD.THEY ARE FOOL AND ONLY YOU ARE THE UNDESTANDING
@Navraaj @Sandeep @Angad: A couple of direct questions? Have you gone through the farmer bill in detail? Have you seen the protest on 26th Jan? Do you believe in negotiation or violence? If you believe in negotiation, then which steps did you take to control violence instead of uploading your views on a global platform VICE?
As a farmer small not big
What about those poor farmers who have been tortured by rich farmers??
Farmers were not allowed to sell their farm products anywhere else except Mandi which is full of middlemen, this law allows farmers to sell their produce at per their choice , either Mandi (govt market) or any private player, choice is yours.
I am from punjab bro big thanks to you from all farmers.god bless you.
Punjab election is coming...that's why he took this decision. Great achievement of our farmers  support to dear farmers from Tamilnadu.. Vande Mataram 
Punjab farm subsidy higher than annual income for farmers in rest of country!
Punjab is just a provincial state with  20 million inhabitants and producing 10% of agricultural produce in India with 11th place in India's GDP.  Punjabis farmers do not represent the overall aspiration of the fellow farmers in other parts of India.
Lakhimpur mowing down of farmers by heavy vehicles is highly condemnable. Very heinous & horrific crime of BJP inspired by the vehicle-ramming attacks strategy used by global terrorists in Western countries after 9/11 & Iraq, Syria wars, especially by ISIS.
We respect farmers.
these farmers protests will be there until the Punjab elections. After that, they will shut down.
Farmers being almost half of all workers have a lot of power just as long as they can hold out until their demands are discussed and hopefully met.
Can you explain why only farmers form Punjab are protesting?
Just because farmers from Haryana and Punjab don't like it doesn't mean farmers from other regions don't like it. Other states welcome this.
Kudos to farmers and all their supportera
What A shame on BJP government,  where credibility of PM Modiji is at stake,  but farmers are now very smart and intelligent and they are working tirelessly for their  well-being.  Sanjay singh type farmers are intelligent enough to give politicians A boot when they come for vote.  
Farmers need to be educated , they must be freed from government control till when will they remain dependent on the MSP ,they must diversify , just growing wheat and rice won't do they must set up their own cooperatives and decide the supply ,they must be taught to understand the market and they also get loans for building godowns so they can pool and store food grains , and the cooperative can help small farmers with cold storages ,but do the farmers want to do it i doubt that they large farmers are already reaping the benefits and the small farmers just won't come together
#standWithFarmers
Those are illiterate people real farmers are doing farming
This is an unfortunate decision. Small farmers want to maintain their rents from the current system at the cost of market efficiency. They are hampering the industry's growth and nation's progress. One day, I hope these reforms will be rammed through.
I am sick and tired of this BJP government which initially promised the moon and stars, but failed to provide even the basic services to its citizens. Instead of developing the nation, they are increasing religious fundamentalism in the country. Its time to vote BJP out in every election.
Thank you sir for supporting farmers
This is all just saddening.. congratulations to all the farmers and consumers 
7. The illustration of Dal given while explaining Essential Commodity Act is completely wrong. The increase in price to 100% or 50% is over the price prevailing immediately preceding twelve months, or average retail price of last five
Vox covered more news about the farmer protests than Indian media itself.
It was really good explanation .but you left some serious pointer on 2nd bill that farmer can't go to court if he   had some dispute on agreement instead matter will have to settele at local SDM.
What if the government regulates these big corporations so that they are not able to exploit farmers?
This is helpful - thanks Vox. It misses a vital question tho: Why did the government implement the opposite to what the farmers were asking for?
. Now after decoration from Modiji this jahil tikket group must leave else our court should intervene and kick these jsjils out from our delhi border..
So these so called farmers are protesting for monopoly of mandi.
Rate of rest about 94% of the produce is decided by handfull of people called adtis which later sell it to corporates and big traders. Point to be noted here is this offer is always below the MSP that GOI offers. By not some percent or margin, it could be less than the cost price at times.
What is the use of investigation by Yogi's Police or Modi's Police? After sometime, the culprits will be left.  And farmers will be put in jail for inciting violence and waging war against the state.
You still need to clear some facts which are the concerns of the farmers before being biased in favour of the bills....happy to help u in that....please please please stop spreading one sided arguements
2. Farm bill 2 has openly allowed all contractors that they can store, hoard as much of any type of foodstuff as they want. Does this bill thus an indirect permission to contractors for blackmarketting ?? 
But majority farmers are supporting new laws
Education system pe bill lao ek kisan ka baccha bhi acche school mein padh sake..
May waheguru listen to the farmers appeal and give them what they want! Waheguru mehar rakhe kissana uthey 
Buses were broken by goverment police was in farmers clothes they were breaking buses farmers stopped then and took one of their identity card there's a video of that too and about the flag on red fort there were already about 1000 ppl in red fort and the door was closed farmers reached the fort after hearing that someone is doing stuffs like that there and tried to stop them but police were stopping them from going inside think about it how can 2000 ppl go near red fort when there's nearly 1-2 thousand armed policemen were there blocking the barricades actually the police was leading them to do it when the farmers rally ended police blocked the farmers rally at the route with barricades and fired tear gases on them which made farmers run here and there and then police said go other way this route is blocked but farmers said this was route mentioned in law but police refused to do so then farmers broken the barricades and ended the rally . Before all this happned there were even gun shots fired at farmers at least 4 died  and 1-4 got injured  by gun shot but in police case 0 deaths 7 injured with minor injuries like scratches while nearly 250 farmers died by tear gas 1 by accident while trying to open the road and one more thing the ones said that national flag was disrespected then hear about it when was it disrespected ???
Farmers : Our situation is very bad , government should do something.
M in Belgium from 5 years ! I do pay tax to the govt but when there is need they pay me back also ! I have been at home for 2 months due to COVID but i still get paid full salary ! India ?! Poverty, rape , corruption , useless and uneducated govt , no farmers rights . We dont need 1000 of religion in india we need humanity! Chodna matt modi ko punjab - haryana lage rho or thok do is baar
who is he..  he doesn't know anything about farm bill.. who eva u are plz don't mess with 1.4 billion people..  we are largest democracy and not answerable to anyone..
BJP ko support karte huye ye reporting karte hai sudhir Chowdhury 
Now ,farmers have a responsibility of not betraying those common people who have supported them by not voting for BJP.
Actually farm bill is benefiting Farmers . This just a political gimeack.
There are huge numbers of SIKHS in INDIAN army, SIKH REGIMENT, PUNJAB REGIMENT, SIKH LIght ifantry, many others in other regiments. 
Yes common farmer is at loss, I think small farmer need to teach lesson to Tikait and Vadra Gandhi
Our people are nt aware that monopoly is nt good for consumers... Farmers are sitting in this cold bt fools are worried abt inconvenience.
"I'm not here to debate the laws that angered the farmers"
Did some one notice ? RAKESH TIKAIT ne orange turban nhi pehni huyi ab
Vox has a good format for making videos and explanation. Unfortunately your plain and simple explanation sometimes leaves out a lot of important facts. I would encourage everyone to read the actual bills that were passed in both the house and not just rely on media explanation and perceptions before forming an opinion. This is not a comment pro or against farmers but a general observation. In this age of rampant digital misinformation one should be very careful and always consume any news piece with a pinch of salt.
This video is also a big propaganda against India. You are showing only farmers prospect and to gain sympathy . Yor are not showing government s prospective and how the bill will increase farmer s income . Most importantly when only 2 states are protesting out of 37  states and union territories, how can you say that this is a problem of India. I had a great respect towards vice but now you lost your credentials. You are purely biased. Dear Indians , we need to wake up against these anti Indian sentiments.
Supporting socialism and price control in a capitalistic country . Ironic
Yes you are right I am also from farming, most of our farmers don't know the facilities / rights/ what is MSP and all, first the government must provide the good platform to know them and information should be easily accessible. And rest goes well
terrorists: Hehe Khalistan go brrr
I want to join in that farmers protest but not possible as come to there ... So I am  raising   , protesting , creating awareness  here at visakhapatnam with a community called A.I.D.S.O ...!
My father is a farmer 
People of India our farmers need us now let's support them. We cannot survive without food
Modi govt & BJP leadership has empowered Corporates & left farmers on their mercy. SHAMEFUL & PAINFUL
Sir farmers are not against reforms. Aap chahe to rohit sardana ka tomar ji ke sath interview dekh lein. Farmers said repeal thes elaws and lets sit together and make new laws for reform as thes elaws ha e many short comings. Now govt is having ego
One thing due didn't cover is price guarantee protection in case farmer is duped and there is no proper dispute tribunal if farmer is cheated....where will farmer go if he is cheated expect an committee by government officials.... farmers ask for price protection and tribunal's....they want agreement protection as this bill doesn't have the agreement protection like APMC agreement are guaranteed protected
The real losers here are farmers with small land holdings. Now no government will ever think of any reforms in near future. Government should have been more careful with the the way they introduced the bill.
Eventually the big business can gain so much clout that they decide what the farmers can grow and thereby limit the choice of the consumer. 
So you will do the same violence once you are in Delhi ? And you say what has happened now is not planned , how come so many weapons with Farmers?
Once confidence taken place there will be no problems. Anything win - win situation. In most of the cases private companies are being advantages. In these cases farmers suffer.
Who are the farmers???
I SUPPORT FARMERS 
When farmers in western countries didn't got poor neither that abrupt cost fluctuations happens then how would similar law can cause that in India.
Modi is right. These bills might bring India into the 21st century.
LOL peaceful protest. Red fort pr chadna, r*pe, farmers lynched in farmers protest, tracters ran on police, attacked by sword,disrespect tricolour in protest.
There must be a better strategy in plan than the farm bills, watch out.
Huge respect for u mate  for telling the actual truth and for supporting farmers.
True leader tikait sir. Long live revolution. Long live India. Jai hind. 
Not explained about MSP in detail. Private individuals plays important role & Govt failed to explained or assured  to protesting farmers that they will not be exploited by private players who buy their crops. In simple its like demonetisation , got 100% mark in theory but failed in partical(implementation).
2. It will only benifit big farmers not farmers . I mean every farmer is a farmer no matter how much acres he cultivate .
Now book those who called our farmers
Hope the democracy may prevail and farmers leading the process. Sorry for the 745 farmers who lost their lives during a year long protest inbetween militry brutald,  riots, winters, summers, rains and pandemic deaths.
34% of india's economy is dependent on farm sector, government want to hand over 34% of indian economy over to big corporates. Those who are in favour in bills, just do some research on bihar agriculture economy. Agri- culture is our(of undivided punjab region) culture, those who shouts all day on television about their culture being in danger without no reason, are trying to destroy our culture, hence we are protesting.
The farmers who celebrate this are applauding their own decline. Punjab used to be richest state now middle of the pack. All the youth going Canada etc. They think they are good because Biharis, UP labourers come and work. But one day even these states will overtake. Read hare and tortoise story. Punjab got headstart with green Revolution but became complacent. Just want to work fields, missed out on manufacturing. 
Just one thing ...since mandis can be there and farmers feel like they are being exploited .. can't tgey just sell in the mandis again?
Anti national elements  entry in farmers protests have ruined the negotiations with govt...poor farmers r always suffering n khangress again using their old stategy divide n rule
Finally Kisan di mehnat or shahaadat rang lai , congratulations to all Farmers and People who stood with this protest 
Funny....25 to 28 years ago I studied in my social text books about middlemen, MSP and warehouses not being available for farmers. Just around when Dhruv was born.  My friends and relatives are farmers.  And in 2021 the same people who did not do much for the farmers since indpndmce are giving gyan in such videos.  Pappus are very ignorant about what happened in this country since independence, on the ground across states, and who the culprits are. People here hardly know about farming and the challenges across the country.
19 November 2021, time:12:47 am,farm laws repealed still No reaction from Trevor Noah, today's date 21 November 2021, time:4:40pm.
I am sure..now the real farmers protest starts.waiting for approval
Worst is commodity act. Limit on hoardings is removed. It will adversely affect the consumers not farmers 
I am an educated (organic and sustainable) farmer  
History will remember these Farmers as heroes who challenged the government for the next generation. Jai Kishan and Shame on BJP
This video  Clear my all doubts and all biasness about farm bill thank u for giving beautiful information and explanation 
think of the strugle made by the farmers. many died and this modi just for election came and repeal the 3 laws. only election matters nothing else not even farmers law.
Some are arguing that these bills will allow monopolies by corporate companies. For example, a giant like Reliance makes deals with most farmers in a particular area so that other traders are forced out of that market. Over time, as farmers become dependent, Reliance starts squeezing the prices lower thus making farmers suffer.  
Log samjh nahi skta h  others County se log twitter key tha  kise aak ke chalte pura india farmers ka nuksan 
Great result for the resolve of our farmers. They are showing India the way. United we stand and we can bring the mighty down.
Interested to learn about how the farming system is like in other countries. Sounds like there is just too many farmers.
Now the question is, why are the farmers are protesting? (BTW farmers from only 2-3 out of 29 states are protesting.) 
IF THERE is no MSP   Private company will take food at lower prices and they will store food and there will shortage of food then they will sell that food on higher wages this is all advantage to the big comapanies like  ambani adani 
Bill won't be taken back. Many farmers organization from pan India have supported the bill. One state can not dictate whole country. 
The very first step in bringing reform was the worst.This bill should have been consulted with farmers, agricultural people and opposition parties
Fun Facts- With the help of BJP Govt, Adani has already constructed largest storage godowns of the country to hoard crops & vegetables and inflate and Cartelization of prices before the bill came out in Haryana, Bihar. Secondly a railway tracks in Haryana just for his silos is under construction. 
I think the farmers are afraid of when the cost price of agriculture goes down the selling prices and Govt subsidy is not available
Really farmers don't deserve this bill...
I come from an  India with highest rate of Farmer suicides.
so in short the agriculture sector was in shit and the current govt reform pissed off the farmers even more
I am agriculture student and preparing for my MBA interview's topic farm bill and visited this channel for the first time......the concept is now clear I have invested my 3-4 hours in a right direction and sir you have explained it very well....your student are blessed that they have got such a great teacher  :):)
Do this bill have anything to say about MSP and it's view on Mandi's future legal existence. ?
Farmer's is the soul of country
Traders or corporate both are coming in between farmers difference is corporate will fixed rate , while open market will enhance farmers trading skills .. freedom of selling where wish to are the best bills .. my product my choice .. my dear sorry but ur research have no strong enough..
Banerjee sahab article 370 zaroori tha,,lekin kissan bill ko hum support kr tey hey, aur msp ko nahin hat na chaheeyeh,  yeh sirf kissano ka huq tha hey aur rahey ga, Jai hind ,,, we proud to be our kissan 
I actually feel I know lesser abt the farmer's protests after watching this video
These laws are completely in the Favor of farmers with some  modifications like role of judicial system and Also MSP
MSP,APMC,CONTRACT FARMING,COURT,
Check with Gujarat, Maharashtra no one can by or sell without . It is crime. Mandi tax in Punjab is 8% so please do not divert and misinterpret.
Just like the government is closing down Small businesses in America, they are trying to ruin farmers in Punjab.  They will fail in both places - the People will win!! The officials will lose and be ousted!!! #FreeHumans
We Support farmers. 
You have explained it right! But even there are problems in APMC...nexus running in APMC ..like from which group we have to buy and how much more we have to pay over  MSP , license raj etc. For eg, if corporate pays 100/ kg to farmer instead of 50/60 as MSP by govt. The farmer is having profit in this scenario. Why this scenario is being negated.kindly elaborate
cannot blame the farmers! surely 3 laws would have helped them! but the gov steamrolling the laws made it suspicious !! sad sad day! no one will ever pick this up again! water level in punjab is dropping! sooner or later we will see what mess we are in!
vote AAP   see the change  help farmers  save back bone of india  not to paralize
Need to see one more video like this on the farmer protest
Today farm leader won but farmers losed. We have eliminated traditional feudal lord but we failed in elimination of modern feudalism.
Why few people think only Punjab farmers represent the farmers of this entire nation!!
Jaya Prakash Narayana in Andhra Pradesh support the farmers bill. JP clearly explains the Farmers bill. He is ex IAS officer and politician and great mind.... Farmers bill is needed... We support Farmers bill as a farmer son.
On Jan 26th, some fraction of "Farmer" protestors attached New Delhi police, injured 78 police while incredible New Delhi police showed nothing but restraint, and not even one such protestors were met with equivalent violence.  Following that day of violence two major Farmer unions withdrew their support from this protest saying "this protest is not infiltrated with political groups who are supporting Khalitani movement funded mostly by Canadian Sikhs"
More Unbiased Than Anyone Else Videos on Farm Bills.  Thank You Mam
My condolences to all the other farmers in India who got deprived of this reform and will have to continue with same old way ,while the zamindars big farmers keep taking benefits.
3. The 'mandis' (Govt. regulated markets) do give a MiNimum assured price or Minimum Support Price to farmers who fail to get a good price, but this is only valid for RICE and WHEAT. This was making a large chunk of farmers all across India to grow only these crops as they would get assured prices. But this along with excessive push on chemical Fertilzers (by previos govts) in the long run have depleted the soil quality and water table. Plus also resulting in the govt buying all excess of these cereals, only to rot in the go-downs/storehouses. 
Must Share Support Farmers ~
PM Modi ji you are right but farmers insurance open to kro
Bjp then : passing farm laws is a masterstroke.
Farmers are right for repealing of laws but patienly listen them. Those who last thier lives their kin should be adequately compensated.  Kisan Zinabad
as a farmer myself here in s small country that is Indonesia, i feel the same heartbreak. sad.
4. If any company denied to pay the farmer then what happened,is it at all easy to fight a case against this corporate for a common farmer.
Please support farmers  fortune atta ke price dekho  but in villages  atta price is very low  reality check karo real codition  dekho.  Dietry proudts ke market mein  price baad jaane sepehle city people much effect honge
Overall jo apna conclusion diya bhut acha lagga. Main punjab se hun and all i believe is the people might not have any problem with the bill but the way it is passed in the sabha and atitude of the goverment toward  farmers is not good that is what hurting the people of punjab.
Really loved the way the part where 94% farmers who till today sell their crops at prices way less than MSP(MSP for paddy - 1925/quintal, average selling price - 1400-1450/quintal) was conviniently ignored by you(Dr. Sharma mentioned it around 6:40). Saying 'Main sirf un points pr focus krta huun jinko lekr kisaan naraz hain' won't take in account why the majority of farmers are not protesting. I ALSO BELIEVE THAT ASSURING MSP IS THE BEST WAY FORWARD FOR THE FARMERS but giving MSP to only 6% farmers from majorly Punjab and Haryana doesn't do justice for the other 94%. I also fear the monopoly of large corporates in buying the produce but it will still be way higher than what 94% farmers get today.
Hard time to farmers
Their r very smart & inteligent people all around , from which some r supporters & some r opposition , so only request is make a good conclution & decesion for the farmers & also request every1 to accept it , coz option is not completely shut down , only some new rules will be added , latter on if it will be not workable it will merge itself . 
For real  # I support farmers
FARMERS AGITATION will prove a final blow to the enemies of democracy....
This man will never do a single harm against the nation or its people... Thatz the trust which no other Indian PM gained ever
Opposition parties had found a tool to obstruct Modiji, that was jhoota Tikait and his farji kisan andolan. They funded Tikait. Khalistan forces too thought to disrupt India and made Tikait their mohra.. Tikait announced  nakkal sab ka utarunga.
Ye sab kisaan thori hai khalistaani and farmers cum politician hai
Its fake farmers brother
While watching the video only filter and gather the information about the farm bills. Leave the emotion and opinions out of it. You will notice it is nothing to harm, rather to facilitate. Sir has explained well. But since it is common in our society to call those who struggle and are miserable as great, only as long as they continue to struggle and be miserable, yeah then these farm bills wouldnt have supported the farmers
The main and important point is missing here.That is it will bring a very delicate and intrensic  planing in farming.Instrad of this traditional cultivation without any planing, the farmers can change with the market demand and with well planing ,that will change and modernise the.agriculture sector.There will be more money with the farmers like those in Kerala
But at first, big players will pay farmers more than the licenced middle man and let apmc die and then they will pressurise farmers!
Punjabi farmers or any other farmer for that matter are a source of Pride for this nation, but this call for repealing all the three acts is totally unjustified.
Assertion: bjp is fearing to lose UP and Punjab elections
Feku want to apologise now but how about the farmers who died during the protest.
The biggest problem I think is regarding the reduction in the taxes paid to the state government. This can be regulated if each trader( certified/registered) under govt. of India and each Agricultural Society/group (which should register themselves to the respective collecter office of their district soon after their formation within a specific time period) would pay some amount of tax to the state govt. based upon the tariffs decided by the regulating authority. Certainly, this tax should be less than the one which is received from the The Mandi System. 
So obviously farmers wont sell to private companies below MSP because they are getting MSP from APMC
Minimum support price is a key factor and without that there is absolutely nothing protecting the small and medium farmers. This video doesn't go in detail on that topic but has explained most of the other aspects. Let's face it, big companies with survive any unexpected event or issues due to climate change but poor farmers won't. Even with MSP there are many struggling to stay afloat, if that assurance is not guaranteed then it could be like signing a death sentence for many many farmers. It won't be long before we have the old system where few wealthy people will own all the land and rest of them will work on that land for wages. Small independent farmers won't survive even 1-2 bad seasons and eventually everything will be consolidated into one or two big players and we all know how that works out for poor farmers and general population. I think such plans should be implemented in a phased manner where government should do this is in small steps and not drastically change things and reduce overview overnight
Are the farmers really protesting for these..... NO.
Please dont call them farmers they are Khalistanis and naxalites with funding from abroad. Please investigate and dont speak nonsensical rubbish. You are all quick to criticise Indian govt
In short if farmers think this is not good, so it isn't because, I think everyone has the right to choose what good for them and what not.
Bro make more videos on our farmers support
It's quite confusing that while Vox covers 'Indian Farmer's protest', Indian media covers 'the faces of Indian politicians' by being their loyalists.
The indian map used is not correct, the map here shows ladakh as part of pakistan
At 11 mins I was in so much agony typing with  tears so much corruption it's exactly why so many farmers kill themselves 
This farmers act should be in the books now. 
Fun fact: I happen to live down the road from the Indian ambassador in New Zealand, and there were people protesting something about farming in India front of his house the other day and I didnt really know why. But now I do! So thank you 
I support farmers 
Modi and Shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything. In a corrupt environment, Punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions/professionals, the corruption, greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits. They will use greed/fear, reward/punishment tactics in hiring/firing and controlling salaries of their employees. They will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a PHD scientist may be forced to work as a Clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss. People will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical, vehicle, home and retirement insurances, house tax, state tax, federal tax, house mortgage, vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job, breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery. That is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens. This is the extreme picture when corruption, fear and greed exists in the  society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country. Wake up Rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future. It's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence!!
Good morning PM. Atleast u woke up. U have repealed the bills . But u all have to pay for such harrasment done to farmers.
Nobody is forcing farmers to sell their crops outside.
Wire Print Scroll Quint please stop provoking farmers
The protest isnt violent. The police were violent so farmers defended themselves!
Vox is doing the thing that Indian media has failed, sold out Indian media literally called these farmers 'terroriests' and claimed that pakistan and china funded these protests 
b) farmers can produce supply to fulfill existing and upcoming Demand effectively, so price control & profit can always be ensured
It was an accident. The cars were running from there due to stone pelting. But crashed into people. But so called farmers killed them brutally.
I'm from Punjab and my father is farmer so i now how important is this for our indian people to now current situation of farmer or kase bo survive kar rahe hai. Or Mere dad muje kahte hai ki hum kabi farmers wali line me nhi aana kyonki is cheej mein prophit hai hee nahin. jo kost phasal ko taiyaar karane mein aatee hai, vah bechane par bhee nahin mil rahee. Ek outsider isako samajh bhee nahin sakata.
I just have one doubt though. The farmers protesting it are in the top of the chart for farmer income for state. So the richest farmers are protesting against the change. The inferred sentence doesn't look good to me. If anyone can explain it would be great.
I was quite relieved with Vice coverage (In today's biased media age) on other issues where both sides get evaluated. I see this as a one sided coverage without any analysis of farm law. Anyways now that those are repelled, so no need to discuss. Let's wait and watch how guardians of farm protest navigate farmers on modern agrarian realization.  I see no more opinion columns by eminent journalist, as this topic seems to be not trending anymore or does not brings any rise in paycheck. Government is not there to solve every problem. Being a private employee we contribute to country infrastructure by paying tax, but we do not  blame Government and demand for health,education subsidy
My biggest mistake in life is voting bjp and this modi came to power daily I pray to God when this modi, amith shah will go from power or from world
I live in MP ...if markets r destroyed in MP then why our farmers r not protesting..
After death of more than 600 farmers
To avoid this they decided to throw this bait to the farmers. I bet this repealing will take a long time to execute.
In 2008 farmers were protesting against government that time they were saying they dont have open marketbut now?
At least they can see Farmers in Delhi. Godi Media see  them as terrorists.
In present senerio when 76 percent of farmers want to leave farming and major of Indian farmers are near poverty line and non of the previous govt system is able to uplift them then we should give this bill a chance for at least some years may be this bill have some loopholes but there could be many thing in positive so yes we should not make it political and should think of farmers only
idiotic expression by expert,why farmers of other states are committing suicide
The 94% farmers you are talking about.. They suffers because of govt doesn't buy the producers at the accurate time. And they are cursed to sell to private
Really appreciate your way of presenting all the bills but I would like to point out that gradual weakening of APMCs can hurt the local economies. So, I would suggest the Govt to strengthen the APMCs and then look towards the private enterprises to deal with our farmers so that farmers can have the best of options  and let them decide that to whom do they want to sell their produce to. Apart from that ensuring a minimum support price even for the corporates will be a welcome step. 
Sad news. Punjab farmers growing paddy recklessly and getting msp is looting rest of country's taxpayer's money.. and paddy cultivation further degrades groundwater and is a big environmental problem
I stopped using jio. Cleared reliance from my demat account.  Standing with our farmers. Some people may think that i am an idiot. Profit is important but business ethics is necessary.  Full support to our farmers. Take love. 
There's only one thing we Indians do properly. PROTESTING. We can't provide jobs to our Youth, our farmers are commiting suicides, we have a huge brain drain problem, our children are stressed under our education system, we don't have a manufacturing base and many more. Then there is the cherry on top! After all the socialist policies we have adopted, a mere 117 people own 10% of India's wealth (there is a business insider story on that, you can check it out)! The top 1%(about 1.38 crore) own 75% of India's wealth. If you take the top 2 crore wealthiest people in India - They would probably own all of India's wealth! The remaining 136 crores are just cattle class. But we'll stick to protesting for now.
win for the farmers 
Shame on yogi and Bjp government....this is Dictatorship  our judiciary is dead  #farmersprotest
Nearly 700 farmers died in this  .... hope people will remember this during election... yes ,a new beginning should be done by giving our nation to a good leader ......
Govt should make cold storage available at panchayat level per village with capacity based on land per village. Once their produce is not perishable soon they would have time to sell outside Mandy. Else any perishable produce or any reason that prevents farmer to travel outside mandi scope is going to make this bill curse...get infrastructure first rather than bill
Rich farmers can only protest. MSP for all crops. Govt should & must buy. Repeal laws. Increase tax. Store grains to rot. Glorify inefficiency. Get international visibility.......... Hypocracy at its best. Genuine farmers continue to suffer
Thanxxx to virdas he raise the farmer issue in other country after that farmers laws back in india this is power of truth and voice now this is prove that vir das is not wrong salute u vir das
Most Indians used to call them terrorists and even blamed Rihana who had tweeted on the issue as terror sympathizer... So the Indian government has bowed before terrorists?
Ever wonder why protests are only limited to punjab? The protesting farmers grabbed lands of small farmers during the green revolution and have constantly been benefitted through subsidies.
So therefore no more farmer suicides, isn't  removing middle men good?
Why now? This change? All this while farmers were doing strike... Nobody saw this before
super explanation sir.i think not only farmers even the common people should start protesting now.
I have doubt/apprehension about n  if the current govt will stick to what they have agreed to these farmers even if it is in writing...what about law on MSP?
Yes the farmers out there cannot think about what's good for themselves. Let Abhi Niyu think about them
One should look upon the timing ...., wah Modiji  wah 
Why only punjab farmers are protesting?bcoz they are lazy and dont want to innovate themselves and try new farm practices
payment to the farmer has to be settled within one month by the buyer  else farmer czn approach the DM,and  dispute resolutions if anyits the DM who needs to decide it ..its a spl assurance to farmers 
This reminds me how Congress executed Afzal Guru to "satisfy" the "National Conscience" of the common Indian. That didn't help them win 2014 and This won't help BJP.
The proudest I've felt about my country and the most disappointed I've felt with my country- the farmers, their unity, their method of protest, their values show what my country should ideally stand for; the pain, trouble and obstacles these farmers face, their voices being ignored shows the disappointing state our country is currently in.
53 percent of India's population in farming produce for whole country and sometimes export.
President should have done this before! Why it took 11 months or so to come to that agreement ridiculous Farmers wouldnt have died in the protest. So proud of farmers good job supporting from USA 
Oo these are so real farmers that they beat women police officer and after her fainting they keep on beating her ....
Don't defame HIMACHAL . We r DOGRAs . First read our History .. Don't try to Separate Himachal, Punjab and Haryana  . Three Sons from one Mother ...                                     
3. Dispute resolutions by Sub divisional officer - Govt. agreeing to amend to allow farmers to go to civil courts
Ma'am I had worked with APMC...in gujarat, commission agents apna commission farmers se nhi charge krte he Traders se charge krte h.
1. MSP is not going to be scrapped. 80% of wheat and 60% of rice for India is purchased from Punjab and Haryana. 
I also come from an India where the same Farmers defeated  the most arrogant government of independent India.
3.only 6% farmers get msp means these are farmers of Punjab and haryana because they have strong apmc system. 
Its high time that Govt.,; Modiji should see that the Farmers request is fulfilled.... afterall the law you say is in favour of Farers & if Farmers who are the real beneficiary is unhappy why you want to force it on them. At least today I wish your Sri Ram gives you the wisdom to think wisely & repeal those 3 unwanted Farm Laws.The whole World is watching us
It is legalising robbing of small scale farmers eventually leading to unwanted results.
Farmer bills are 100% right decision by modi government
Salute to you guys who are peeling off the wrong allegations on the farmers by the modi govt. 
Why there's no protests in South India? You didn't understand the protests or what was happening all these days for the small scale farmers..Outsiders can't understand
Agree with farmers
I will always side with the farmers!
Hats off to the best ever detailed information and explanations about the farm bill and amendments, felt really good, thanks once again
I think leaders of the farmers should also sit with the govt, put forth their grievances and govt should also consider the MSP etc.
Thanks u Delhi public for understanding the farmers problem .they are asking for there right n revoked three black low.. slowly by slowly there land will be taken by private sector  important thing is that they will stock the food in a cold storage it can stock for more than 30 year n after finishing the stock in the market the company with double up n sales it with higher price so it for us to do something. we should also support the farmers it's not only about the farmers but it's more important to our middle class family n poor family, atleast farmers can survive but what about us.plz think twice we the young educated generation should understand n take part on this..  MSP... minimum supporting price should be guaranteed in written see friends without farmers.(No Farmers no food.....)..all over the world are supporting the farmers farmers are farmers India.England.canadian.usa France n so many countries are supporting the farmers.our farmers spoke to Nato United Nations they understand n agree with the India farmers. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan..... I'm not a farmer's but I support the farmers...I love farmers... long live the farmers...Nag... northeast region may God bless you all....God is great... he will show us the way..
Legal rights taken away: Every Indian will be affected by this bill, the most unjust imbalance of power. The law gives immunity to all civil servants, central and state governments, or any other person in respect of anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under this act or of any rules or orders made hereunder. So, acceptance of the bill gives immunity to civil servants against legal action for crimes they have yet to commit 'in good faith'. Indian citizens will be excluded in right to legal recourse. It is very dangerous as it erodes the rights of every citizen.
Video title is - 3 farm bills review. Where is review on these bills in your lecture????
Support for the farmers from Alabama USA!
1.Govt. brought these bills without making a consent with the farm unions, no confidence building was done.
*Congress time me kisan plain me chalta tha. Aaj sub kisan gareeb ho gaye hain. Aaj ke kisan road block karke road per kheti kar rahe hai. Ye dusro ki gadi jalaane waale kisan hain. Aur mere jaise murkh kisan apne kheto me kaam kar rahe hai. Mai to kisan hu nahi. Ye andolan jivi sirf kisan hai. Stop writing senseless point of view and misguiding innocent agriculturists. I have approx 20 hectares agriculture field. We have been in farming for last 3 generations. I am M. Sc. Ag in Horticulture but bootlicker jaise gyani yahan gyan de rahe hai ki kisan kon hai. Road per danga karne waalaa kisan hai. Kuch to sharm karo*
you should understand the new bill is legalizing the black marketing. (Farmer cnt store the produce, but corporate/ middleman can store it in any quantity and duration). Do you understand how it will hurt your cost of living on everyday basis. (yaad rakhna , us din kisi bhi dharam ya jaati ya kisi particular party follower ko koi bhi discount nahi milne wala)
Soon Punjab become one of worst state for farmers .
Farmers nu ethire oru bill pass aakuvaan sramikilla, nthannal 80% farmers aanu indiayil, athil total population nte 58% primarly depend only on agriculture. Avarkethire oru bill pass aakiyaal pinne avarku election il win cheyyuvaan sadhikuvo.?
6.  The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer .
All in all, farm bill is not even that worst right ??? I'm confused 
Huge respect for the unity and determination of the farmers. And Huge respect for this reporting. Good job!
If central government legally guarantee the MSP will reduce the internet of foreign investor and it not good for Indian economy and WTO also question because sign an agreement with WTO during UPA government
The people who knew the facts were supporting farmers
Kejriwal do not play politics in this matter. He is always play politics in every matter against nation.
More then 600 farmers brothers got martyrdom during the protest
Bihar always had least per capita income, in fact  ever since the mandis have been eliminated  the agri growth there has skyrocketed. The mandis are inefficient  and needs be undone. The editor also conveniently omitted the fact that average land holding in bihar is less than a third than in punjab. Relatively speaking farmers in bihar have higher per capita income.
Ajj only farmers nai.. .yes desh just h..democracy ki b jit h
I stand with the  Farmers, no farms no food...We are with you. Blessings
Just look at the comment section consist hardcore islamist, and khalistanis,,two deadly combo for indian internal security,,represented by as usual rnditv...
the most important thing is that the farmer gets the freedom to sell to the buyer of his choice, which as on today is illegal in some states. 
 kisan mazdoor ekta zindaabaad. They think they know what all things we go through everyday in our crops.
MSP is not ensured in mandis, only government procures produces on msp through the co-operative societies. 
Man you really are a bad actor and annoying as hell when you try to overact. Regardless, thanks for the info but I have a question. I've heard that the farmers were free to sell their produce earlier too, so how have this abolishment  of APMCs helped with anything? Was it really a necessity for someone to sell their product to government earlier? It sounds a bit alien to me.
Shame that the PM called them Andolan jeevis, Khalistanis & terrorists! He encouraged hate & divisiveness....he called them being funded by foreign nationals .....completely forgetting his own electoral bonds that are shrouded in secrecy and don't forget the PM Cares fund secrecy?
sir, Very good and crisp in explanation .but  I want to know about your opinion on my idea that " Cooperatives are the panacea of all agricultural or farmer problems "
Because of these INNOCENT FARMER'S the accident happened which lead to death of 4 innocent people who were in car
Also we should appreciate Farmers of haryana and other states who are a major pillar for this protest .
These bills are good. They should be supported.
Repeal farm laws
I stand with all green farmers!! I stand for justice, i stand for basic necessities!! Not luxury, it is the root of our survival from past, now, and in future sustainably 
They are anything but farmers. Just look at violence and damage caused by these people and their sympathizers on Republic day in New Delhi. Making mockery of democracy and liberties disguised as farmer protest. Media wants to mangnify protests of Punjab farmers while completly ignoring silent majority farmers who are overwhelmingly supporting these reforms.
That's really very good news  .Nation salutes brave & courageous farmers, this who became martyrs in course of this agitation will be remembered for ever.
Very shameful what so called farmers have done today.
Thanks sir for clarifying my doubts over this farm bill.
JUST DON'T VOTE FOR BJP or CONGRESS. Look for alternatives.
Just explain then why sugarcane farmers are being exploited by private sugar mills as they have no middleman and no mandi system . Sugarcane farmers should be rich by now but truth is we aren't even  getting our dues. We aren't against options but want a guarantee that soo called big private companies will not exploit us for that we want a set price (msp) which has to be decided by govt below which companies can't buy and also a guarantee in written in ordinances that mandi system and msp in it will still be existing which will truly make  options available to farmers . 
I still have the opinion that farm laws were good for the farmers.....however the way it was passed was not correct.....government should have build consensus and brought farmers into confidence
how will farmers progress by calling victory over a farm bill which was to benefit the farmers .. win for whom
I m from India and i m farmer in Punjab state 
If farmers decide to stop cultivation.... What to doo
Dont trust this person he is planning something good for himself not for the farmer
Why bjp led govt, not ready include msp in act
I sport only PM Modi ji
So, farmers and Indian common man has to joint together.
In India many people speak English go on to their YouTube channel and find out what actually the 3 farm laws are, and even better go and read the official statement of the Indian Govt. 
He can sell country for politics law was in favour of small farmers.
This media is so driven by their TRP and profits that they are only showing the worst of the protests. Show the complete truth where the farmers explain why they are going to Delhi.
Ye to Congress party me panchayat ka election lada he..
No corona in hyderabad where j p nadda and yogi are doing rallies .... kitna talve chatoge delhi police
Shame on police ... Farmers are the soul of INDIA
If he crop price about 50 thousand rupees then he had to spend nearly 10 thousand in transportation which at present is rs 2000 due to avalibility of mandis , which( mandis ) is abolished by these farm bills .
Love Farmers  F Afghanistan
That's why election is so much important in India
If U Don't Consider The Problem Solution (Law) Do Seem To Be A problem. I Even Started To Doubt My Belief And Understanding About These Bill After Watching Your Video. I Do Hope Your Video Help The Farmer Protest Because It Sure Doesn't Help The Farmers.
What  a Andolan superb salute to all farmers.
Narendra Modi is A Super Prime Minister of India 
Feel bad for Indian farmers 
No common farmer can leave their farm just like that for 5-6 months protest.. 
Salute to our freedom fighters #Salute to Farmer's revolt # Andolan without which we Indian wouldn't have complete Independence. JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN
The thing about corporatization of agriculture is that if the system becomes unsustainable for farmers, the entire structure will collapse because the companies will lose their supply chain. No company wants this. I think it will become more like the it companies where farmers will end up becoming similar to employees, where if companies lose their market, employees will lose their jobs.
But the union minister Rajnath singh has said that MSP & APMC  Will never be removed for any cost.
Its so heartwarming to see these farmers still feeding others despite sitting in a protest. Thats just amazing to watch!
This way farmers gonna get exploited once again as before.
Reject corrupt bills. Farmers feed the world.
Only muslims supports congress and ndtv...people understand this.
Sir there may be repercussion of online trading n daily pricing may unstable the market. Today farmers sell at certain price t1 then after 2-3 days another demand from t2 and t1 sell to t2. Aise price increase ho jayega aur aam Aadmi ke pahuch se pare ho sakta hai na. Could make any clarification.
Yes.... Rakesh has said right.... MSP should be a legal right
I'm from Northeast India and i support farmers
 not only three draconian  laws have to repeal but you have to set msp  as well
Its didnt get violent people who vandalized buses where cops they were caught with pickle id me if didnt show that but anyways the farmers where guaranteed a parade route on the way they where met with barricades thats didnt allow them to go back or go forward
Make a Monument in the memory of All the 700 plus fallen farmers in the fight against tyrants of central govt
Respect for the spirit of Sikhs and Kisan brothers against this autocratic, obstinate and wretched government. Keep on staying there. The support is with you.
Thanks sir for raising farmers voice
Thanks for explaining , i made my mind . I SUPPORT FARMERS 
Bihar me already implemented hai these reforms toh kitne ameer kr diye apne vo bihar k farmers
farmers leaders were hired by Khalistan brigade
1:36 I never knew farmers of Lakhimpur wear Turbans like Sikhs do?
Dictator Modis ego shattered and Sanyukt Kissan morcha, farmers-labourers won !
No matters if y'all Indian or not. They supply food from all over the world! No Farmers, no Food! So stand up! Or else, y'all ain't have onions on your steak! #standwithfarmers
Literally 0 knowledge about the basic issues.The protest is by people of 2 states only not whole India.
Amazing questions from u...ur preparation is really awesome...N ur each words shows true feelings towards Farmer n ppl of India....This whole video says Abt real educate ppl vs criminal leaders in parliament who r making laws....
Opposition aur anti ind forces success to hurt future of grow of small farmer and economy,ind don't want to change and not like development
So new farmer laws were right
I'm not a farmer but I must say 
I am indian farmer too..
it is paid & useless 1lakh worth of loan given subsidy and they are not paying any taxes.. farmers are only 15Cr what about 20-25cr salarie who pays 205 % tax year..
If by removing APMC, farmers income can be doubled, then farmers from Bihar should be the richest one. Becoz in 2006 APMC act already removed from there and they are already enjoying the luxury of selling goods directly to customers.
its hard to believe bjp accepted defeat so easily, they are known to take very calculated steps and decicion and they have enacted much more controversial acts than the farm laws before. its hard to figure out what they are planning next ...may be punjab election??..or they may ask the bjp ruled states to enact the 3 farm bills seperately
Though i like all of your videos but this time i am not convinced  as i myself am a  farmer from Uttarakhand . You have vast  knowledge of academics but i suggest you following...
Those who support/oppose  these bills plz give your review. (In short)
Thanks modiji,these laws were to dangerous for all farmers...
Mncs pay the farmers cash and carry not dalals.
well trevor I don't know what sort of research team you have but even a person with a little common sense would notice that only certain group of farmers were protesting whereas nearly 80-90% of the farmers were not which you did not or want to showcase or talk about. I'm not saying the farmers should not protest for what they believe is right but the people who have atleast a Hawk-eye's view should at the very least should get informed about what the rules are and the the protests are about. Also as a comedian/ NEWS presenter you should be the first person who should be well informed about the whole case and should be neutral while presenting it.
any change by govt  will cost not farmer nor company  "ultimately the consumer heads get shaved"
Imo indian govt should rectify these laws in some way to restrict pvt companies so that they can't exploit farmers. There are too many loopholes that can exploit the small scale farmers & farm land will eventually fall in the hand of those companies.
today i have  seen yr vdo  Prsticides,seeds if supplied of  bad quality the govt shoud make very harsh law ,These persons are looting the farmers .The govt made good seeds and pesticied available to farmers.
gareeb agar rehna chahtta hai wo gareeb hum kya kare . Ye political issue tha jisme opposition ne farmers ko agge rakha tha
The previous method is highly flawed method, In which the traders gains more than the farmers, the traders are agents and middlemen they should have a fixed income , instead they have gain more than the farmers over the years , plus the farmers in india have great benefits, no tax, free electricity, various subsidies.
It's sad nobody is supporting punjabi farmers specially from so called cow belt states they forget what punjabi farmers sons have done for freedom of india and all of them think they r nationalist  but nationalism is in punjabi blood
Modi , shah Eyes are on punjab....as capt amerendar singh resings... but something is happening behind 
Yahi farmers ne 26 January ko Delhi me police walo par tractor chaleya the tab oppositions kha the?
APMCs never guarenteed MSP in the past to Farmers. MSP was garunteed only when a govt. Procurement agency like FCI, NAFED, HAFED etc operated underthe APMC. Such govt procurement operations were always limited. Hence only 5-6 % of the farmers mostly in Punjab, Haryana, Madhya pradesh and Andhra were benefitted.
If India has the capacity to build an effective regulatory framework, then it can function better by liberalizing the economy and and let the market decide.
2 - Legalizes contract-based farming (which was already legal before). Allows businesses to contract with farmers to exclusively grow crops to them, and agree on a price in advance (under QoS). But removes the ability of such farmers to pursue arbitration in court. Arbitration isnt even with local officials who know the situation, but a separate bueracratic official, who could easily be corrupted by big business.
Punjab  up me election h....
Harami police can't help poor farmers
Narendra Modi has delivered final blow to the Sikh farmers by incorporating laws which will ultimately convert Sikh land owners into landless bonded labor.   
It is disgusting how Sikh Pakistanis decided to divide Hindus and Sikhs. The evil of khalistan will never win
All Bills look to be good for all, but definitely not in terms of Consumers. Secondly though it seems chances for getting good price for farmers, in reality as what is happening now, would only be with Traders to get more profit, but again those Traders would be a very few big giants and thereby resulting large number of small shops and street vendors would soon vanish from the scene. End Result.... Agri-business would become Corporate in the hands of few rich and large junk of population would become poorer.
These are farmers. Where's  their gumboots?
As an Indian, the main mistake of the government is that it didn't talk about the bills to the farmers of all states while framing them. In Tamil Nadu for example, they barely rely on MSP so the bill doesn't affect them to a major scale. This is not the case in Punjab and Harayana
Dude compies can't sell at higer price .. they will have to compete with others players in market. And in order to do so .. I feel more and more Compines will try to reach out to farmers .. and ultimately it's the farmers that will be benifit
Bhut bhut dhanwad tuhada veer ji for supporting farmers.love you .
Disappointed, if you only had read the laws,it's trying to give freedom to the farmers by making the laws more liberal,just read them
Farmer protest shayad hi khatam ho. Inke leaders ne election ladna ha. Koi aur demand like Guarantee of MSP beech me le aayenge.
Abhi sir...one question.....the government now agrees for amendemnet...and surely these amendments will remove the so called loopholes...kya tab bhi bill galat honge sir...why are the farmers adamant ? Farmers kyu bol rhe hai ki sabhi 3 bills vapis liye jaye?please sir reply krna ... FROM A CONFUSED GEEK.
Hats off to Formers ...they are warriors..Bjp allowing India moving towards capitalism...this is not good for country....
If govt really want farmer to grow and not suicide then govt should pass and apply MSP law across India.
Im agree with farmers
Before you speak about your views, you  should explain what changes are there and whether it will benefit farmers or not. Without that you can't understand what's going on.
Modi ji please do something for the real harmony or real unity plz.
Indian worker association (England) supports your work brother. Keep it up 
For 1, farmers are no being forced into contract farming. They still can sell in Mandi instead of getting into contract farming if he feels that it is bad. 
2. As far as I have read the farmer bill it was written that the price for what their produce will be already decided before provided the suplly of seeds, fertilizers will also be discussed before hand and a deal in form of bond will be made .so I think this is benificial . But here is there and minimum support price .
Your explanation was good in theory but you clearly can't understand the problems that farmers would face...
Congress much better than bjp
People power, weve all got it , well done to those farmers
Those protesting are not farmers but middlemen & unemployed people. 
We appreciate fight for this farm bill 
Really sir.. Very nicely explained... Ab mujhe samajh aaya why farmers are Protesting.
Rakesh Tiket is a gunda element, they can't be farmers 
This fight will be fought till the last kisaan alive in India.
#istandwithfarmer
this farm bill would have worked if first govt of India would have provided some way so THAT FARMERS CAN HAVE A WAREHOUSE WHERE THEY CAN STORE THE  CROPS till its sold at a profitable price. FURTHER IF ITS A LAW THAT A MSP has to be given then they would feel more secure. sure the crops in India are not of very high quality but that does not mean that government would put such a pressure on farmers who are already living in distress.
You said about decrease in farming but the reason is using of more and more urea, pesticides and herbicides which is causing soil erosion and fertility problem, and other problem is distrubution end who are doing these protest and made farmer as there employer who are saying there system will be gone....the problem is this bill gonna impact the distributors not farmer, so as this distributor are creating hovac and those who are saying they don't need this farm bill but before these bill all farmer were protesting to amid this bill even when it was passed every political party appreciated but as you know people want to defame the image!
Mandi is controlled by state government and most states are BJP led so abhi tak system theek kyun nahi kiya ?? Fair price kyun nahi mili ?? 
Brave hearts of India, salute to our farmers
Could've elaborated more on what farmers are demanding and why. Still good post.
It is really unfortunate that 3 farm bill has been taken back. It is failure on part of government that it could not understand the benefits of the bill
And what about the exploitation outside mandi which will be caused by traders. Government should provide for msp outside mandi and the issue will over. Its video made on incomplete knowledge
guys in Porbandar ( Gujarat ) fruit yard    I    have to sell my top  quality CUSTARD APPLE at the price of 13rs to 18rs per kg because of having no other choice , &      my farm's CUSTARD APPLE are sell in market at 100 to 150 RS per kg 
Good Decision, Farmers apni Income khud dekh lenge.
what is wrong in farm bill
They kept away from agriculture for 1.5 years but it did not affect the nation's agricultural backbone because the real farmers were in their fields and middle men were on the road. This is the fact.
I trust him. He will deliver. The farm laws was going to revolutionize farming business and accelerate growth. But hostile foreign powers and a treacherous opposition in Congress has successfully stopped it. Hope it'll come back soon.
Due to this bjp wins in every election
Think about punjab farmers they are just growing rice cotton wheat .if their is no minimum price then no company will contract with that farmers. If there is no focal point then where they can exhibute their crops on the roads. Are u thinking they will wait company buyers on the road .do you think the yield of the crop will maintain or decrease. Pls think in detail.
Ye   Goodi Gandu....They are Farmers ...Bhagat sing ,Sukdev,Rajguru are our inspiration...
Unfortunately as Justified as the protests are, the reforms along with gras roots level awareness programs are the onky way to reform Punjab's lopsided agricultural sector that is riddled with structural inefficiencies and lack of capital, too many people chasing too little capital somethings gotta give, either small holding farmers move onto other sectors while increasing the holding size for the ones left behind or they shift to other crops that are less water intensive like Rice, which fuels the alarming rate of ground water extraction in punjab which is incentivised by the govt policies, Rice farming in Northern India is a disaster if these farmers cant see that a drought that cant be managed will, Indian governments Central and State is not exactly known for competancy let alone efficiency. These policy measures of intrusive state support for inefficient farming kick started this whole thing when India was facing famine and living on American grain exports, Those days are long gone, Indian Government is scared of people making noise about rising food prices, so by their logic from a crisis management point its better to deal with a relatively small number of farmers than incur tye wrath of the gigantic Indian consumers. These protests are the result of failed policies that supported inefficienct farning in one of India's most fertile regions for decades, Farmers are merely looking out for their livelyhood doing what govt policy for the longest period has dictated, these reforms should have been carried out atleast two decades ago, Punjabi/Sikh Farmers are doing well in other countries why not in India, Idiotic state intervention from well intentioned but misinformed socialistic policies.
But the government  has  not  assured  or included  apmc in the bill
Bjp dug its grave when it started using force against the citizens of india, we share the same views like you sir the difference is we are spreading awareness on ground level and you here to millions of people. Thanks alot for sharing the TRUTH,you have earned our respect. God bless you! Congratulations to you too.Keep it up
This is the best explanation I've come across for farm bills. Damn 
No one has ever thought, is thinking and will not think for the betterment of farmers.  Everyone is doing their own politics and looking for a political issue.
Hello sir my name is Ali Hamraz Im from Los Angeles California I pray for God one day Im coming to see you youre the best politician I ever watch any YouTube God bless you whatever God you believe I love you I respect you as a human being because in India right now is politics destroy human being life damn not bring shelter not bring food no bring medication no bring something better job for public only divide the public to win the election youre such a good man God bless you my name is Ali Hamraz I need time you come to United States Im in Los Angeles welcome whatever religion you believe I respect you and I love you youre a good man wherever you are youre a very good boyYoure a good man very good man I wish all the politician think like you God bless you
first of all ,, msp apne aap hi khatam ho jaega !! read these bills there is no mention of msp ,, now govt. is saying ki msp toh kabhi tha hi nahi rule and farmers are saying ki aap bana do ,, hume likhit me dedo !!but govt. ye nahi bol rahi
Very well explained. Now i feel that the ongoing protest holds considerable ground for the farmers to raise their voice against it as the acts are not full proof in their targetted aim.
05:00 he literally thinks farmers are illiterates
Thanks for making clearly understand the 3 important acts ....but I still don't understand is these act's are under the favour of Farmers ..why are they protesting???? Why are they going on strike...?
When we start analysis  of our  parents we may find many shortcomings  but all is done in intention of love and care for us so every activity  becomes automatically  great. Therefore love and care for farmers is seen. Shortcomings  can be rectified.
Farmers are over real hero...
Farmers == Humanity
I am not a Punjabi, but I support every Farmers in the World. They are the backbone of every Civilization.
These farmers are not genuine farmers that is the main problem not farm lawsJai Jawan Jai Genuine Kisan
There is a big loop hole in the explanation ... The difference between say a plastic product and vegetables is the production cost of it is not same at difference places at different parts of India and at different seasons...so you can't have a blanket price
The Government is setting up parallel markets outside the Mandi, but there will be no tax on the purchases in these private markets. Hence all the buyers will prefer to purchase from these private markets and not Mandi's. Who wants to pay taxes, everyone wants more profit. Hence farmers feel that this will destroy the Mandi system cos no one will want to buy crops from the Mandi's.
Jai kisaan happy to see win of farmers win of democracy
Biased video mam, you have presented wrong facts, what about, court can not interfere in dispute and no limit on stocking. you are supporting BJP
India's farm system is failing because india has become second largest wheat produce and started exporting wheat in international market .
Next jhatka UP, Punjab elections.
Andolan will never finished and where the andollanjivi will go like sc bc class fromed permanently like this class have formed permanently l only modiji could vdobit but he has lost his potential  only Yogiji can do it  he is really saint and he knows how to use shaster and shaaster
This video also injustice for the Farmers.
I dont see any problem...1. The contract farming..i will only go into contract if i think its suitable for me..and govt has already said farmer can withdraw from the contract any time they but the company cant...so it solves the 1st problem...2nd one is about apmc and msp ...govt has clarified that msp and apmc will remain...which is misinfo spreading across social media...next they  said small farmers will not benifit...see i am from odisha here potato and onion price are high...we buy them from wb..their govt get onion at 10 to 15 rupees..correct me if i am wrong..but we get it at 50...so even small farmer across the border of odisha can sell it to local at 30 even 35 to get some profit....farmer will have freedom...so pls comment below..what is the problem....
Hey Trevor Noah, every year more than 10000 farmers do suicide , that's why government brought this laws to help them.
Exceptionally explained. No gain without pain. Its a balancer. I hope change needs to be brought in for the sake of good. Yes either way goods price will go up with or without implementation of the new farm bill.
How dare you post the wrong map of my country! Also you didn't talk about how only big farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting and that accounts for only 1-2 million. Get your facts right and then start spreading the (mis) information. In the name of simplification and making your story sensational stop throwing extra million farmers into it.
This is not Indian farmers protest it's  khalistanis protest. Stop propaganda.
Ma'am you said that, only 6% farmers are benefitted by MSP.  Can you please explain this statement.
Hope the Protests sustain till elections to ensure the BJP can't bring the bill back.
82 percent of farmers are small or marginal ie less than 2 hectares or 4 acres.
Ran niti tyay karna kisan ka kam nehi hai. Are they really farmers or some kind of anti national parties (Khalistani)?
Govt. Should Circulate This Kind Of Videos Before Presenting The Farm Laws In Parliament. But They Made Hurry And Result Is Here (I Don't Know Whether Laws Are Good Or Bad, But Govt. Should Try To Communicate With Farmers)
What Greta and Disha Ravi Joseph have to say as these farmers want to burn their unwanted leftover portion of crop. These two ladies r environmentalists or fake environmentalists?
Nice video. Understood the protest of farmers and agree with them
please bring the serious series on farmers soon. That's would be real valuable topics and we have to take on for better India
I hope vox also covers why only Punjabi and Haryanvi farmers are protesting. Because *ahem* MSP *ahem* only supports them. More farmer suicides are from southern states. Punjabi and Haryanvi farmers are rich as f. Come to AP/TG/TN and look at the farmers issues. These laws support them.
#StandWithFarmersChallenge # 
U HAVE NOT MENTIONED ABOUT FPO POLICIES TO HELP THE FARMERS
Kudos to our farmers for long battle..
Waah modiji waah election in UP Punjab both agricultural based economy .
How the poor farmer manage transportation cost .
Priyanka Gandhi is meeting the victims just for the sake of UP elections comeon dhruv you know that neither of the ruling or opposition party's leaders have sympathy or emotions for farmers they just eyeing the UP elections because you also know that value of 1 vote in UP, bihar is 10 times the vote of southern states because of the population demographics
Trevor I am your great fan and always believed that you do you preparations properly  before speaking on any issue, however it disappointed me that you just made this video without understanding the reality & goodness of the bill, I am son of a farmer too, and trust we have no problem with new bill, neither we protested nor are feeling cheated by our govt. You must remove this content from YouTube with immediate effect.
Request the president to rejected the bill
This is the victory of old farm laws. Better to implement those laws for 2 to 3 years then we can find output. 
They are not farmers they ar Jatt landlords who themself dont even pay a proper salary to actuall farmers in punjab who are of UP and Bihari region.
In 2024, Arvind Kejriwal should be the PM of India 
Liberals would never support communism, or any other authoritarian regime. So not sure what you have put those two together. As a liberal I have to agree that the goal the government is pursuing is good the reforms will harm allot of people who rely on farming. The underlying idea is that small scale farming is unsustainable, as they will not be able to compete with big farms "corporations". The government want's to quickly reform the farming sector with disregard to what will happen to farmers. In my opinion the government should create a government farming fund that would issue out loans and grants to farmers for land acquisition and modernization and give out additional subsidies to those farmers that would want to sell their land and offer them financial incentive to change profession. The government should also prevent land monopolization by judge corporations that want to enter or increase their hold on the farming market. If the reforms are done right, farms will become larger and more modernized and thus will be able to produce more produce that could be sold at cheaper prices. The farmer will earn more, the food will be cheaper. The government should not leave behind those that decide (or in a worst case scenario will be forced by the market) to sell their land. These people can start businesses that provide services for farmers. Poland went threw similar reforms and has done fairly well with it's farming market. The government in Poland has oversight over the farming industry as provides financial incentive (lower taxes, grants and low interest loans) to farmers. 
This Mishra Should resign.. And should be BAN from Politics what they think is farmers if farmers stop growing crops in 1 days there will be huge inflation in whole country and people will die Hungry.. Shame on BJP
Most points are not covered in this video..Like why MSP is not mandatory for private players ? Why government has no law on MSP ? MSP is simply a policy decision & everyone knows how policy changes every day...Even when onion prices were under control CENTRE banned Onion Exports so the motive of centre is also not clear since they don't want profit of farmers....Let me tell you one more thing farmers don't get monthly payments like all the salaried class...Instead they need to wait 4-5 months to get cash in hand.....So if the minimum price is not guaranteed then how are farmers supposed to survive ?
Repealing these law is loss for india especially small farmers. This is regressive step.  Few farmers from one state doesn't mean every farmer don't want it. Don't do it Modi ji
Good explanation. The bill must have a max price cap in retailing of dals , oils, oil seeds etc. otherwise this will again indirectly lead to inflationary pressure because more money chasing less goods. The income gap between entrepreneurs and lower income group will again increase.
WE SUPPORT FARMERS
I believe, no more arrest will not be made in India for day light murder, because India became Modi's NewIndia
Rich be like- Hum Jaisa chahte h waise he hota h is desh me...Chahe Hm rich businessmen ho ya Farmer ya Politician.......Garib Kisaan and Log jaye bhaad me....
Kisan Mazdoor ekta zindabad we have won the Protest.Respect and Salute to all the farmers. 
The only reason why farmers are protesting is MSP. And i stand with farmers
mere pas 3 acre jameen h or m small farmers m ata hu .. m conventional farming ki jagah apne product ko process krke bech raha hu ...
BBC journalist if Indian citizen should realize,"unless our elders would not have done rail roko against British Raj, your were not in a position where you are now"
700 odd farmers are martyrs of this fight for right..
For our 'liberals' farmer is a caste.
Danger for farmers to gather because of COVID. 
Farmers please don't talk to RSS police ...
Non-partisan explanation of the statutes..I wish you could also take views of farmers in different states who are happy with the laws...
The mileage of tractor generally is about 9kms/L...
I have supported the farm laws though i thought some ammendments could be done but not repeal at all. I think this is the lesson for government because for sensitive issues like agriculture where 60% of people depends the reform should be bottom up not top down approach. The way the bill was passed in rajya sabha has created a perception of distrust among some farmers from the very start. Every state has a different agriculture pattern based on its economy and geography so one size fits all approach has made the discontent further more. The main problem is that now atleast for next 10-15 years no reform can take place in agri sector.
What a documentary! We all are Brothers and together standing with truth ! Kisaan Mazdoor Ekta ZINDABAAD! Blessings for everyone on the planet 
and they are part of congress , bjp, ncf parties 2019 election manifesto.
Why sometimes onion became more than 100 per kilo and other vegetables at more than 50 per kilo. Simply the logic of APMC does not stand. MSP is here to stay and violent agitation on some hypothetical assumption is not acceptable. Thitrd why other states are not forthcoming with agitation. Fourth Punjab and Haryana are in the grip of organized syndicates of big farmers and since they are adversely affected they resort to such violent agitation.
Mem please  making a video on # e-NAM policy and compering it with FARM BILL 2020
*I'm Indian and my family is into farming for more than 100 years. I just wanna say that these people are mind washed by the opposition political parties, actually, the real farmers don't have any problem with any of the farming policies, and the reality is that these people who are protesting are not even farmers. These protesters are paid by the opposition parties to create chaos. All the rules for which these people are protesting were in existence even before when the current government was not in power. It's such a shame, these corrupted political parties are paying people because they can't even win 1/7th of votes in election*
Bjp privatisation la rahi h, N kisan vl be at their mercy... this needs to modified or scrapped.
Media: farm law is repealed by Modi, a masterstroke from Modi 
Ok listen bro, let me show you a mirror. Reliance is coming down in retail business and at the same time farm bill has passed? Reliance will need raw material, where will it come from, farms right? How will they get material at lower lost by the farm law, isn't it? For eg. ITC they almost have everything, to make cigg they have tobacco and that's what reliance wants to do but at lower cost and hence FARM BILL.
Just one correction..there is not a single law or rules or provisions that farmers cannot sell their produce to anyone other than APMCthere is no restriction on farmer in any law since independence.its just that no trader can purchase farm produce other than APMC.so restrictions are or were on traders not farmers..just small correction..
I stand with our farmers no food no farmers
When farm bills implemented cost of sugarcane per quintal is 8 thousand Indian Rupee 
5. Farm laws repealed.
*Now came the Farmer bill. Which is completely different.* And sets the farmer FREE.
thanks for supporting farmers 
MSP is retained from previous Bill acts and it is  not removed.
The one major incorrect fact being pushed in this video is placing the blame on the green revolution. It literally saved India from starvation
This will going to benifits farmer only then bhai yeh border per   kon haii???? Kisan toh hai hi nahiii.
NCP in Maharashtra, Badals in Punjab have been looting all these years. Actual Farmers have become poor & helpless because of middleman like politacian controlling APMC. 
2. Free legal protection should be given to farmers to safeguard them against big corporates.
Finally our Legend Farmers Won 
what are the benefits of New farmer's bill 2020 for retailers of agriculture based products like fertilizers, seeds, pesticides, equipment and cattle feed.
They are protesting for there rights for more than two months and these rss terrorist regime is not listening so definitely it,s happen,  kerp it up farmers
As per your example a farmer came to know that 100 km away the rate is 2times high then he would go there and the purchaser would come to know that farmer came from 100km away so the purchaser would give excuses of quality and would say you vame from 100kms so why waste time and money sell me here at less rate than what was said earlier.
But sardar ji... Check your facts.. Not only Punjabi martyred in Indian border.. Other community also contribute..so respect that also.
Unbelievable protest and sacrifice for over a year by Indian farmers. Well done!
Punjab stand for whole nation  msp Punjab never go back godi media
Farmers or you may say "the hard labourers" are always the biggest sufferers........the reasons behind this are poverty, unawareness and lack of proper infrastructure....
But can we do when people are hoarding most of stuff. Like big business man. And if farmer  want to justice thay are depending on local administration.
Soldiers and Farmer are not just words , they're the reason we are living................
This is the best video on farm bill that I have seen in youtube. Good work.
To ye five farmers representative hain kya sab farmers..... Jo happy hai side main dance kar rahe hai unse to baat karo
BHAI RAKESH NE TO APANI GOBHI KHUDWANI H YOGI SE, ISNE BHAGNE KI JAGAH NA PAVA INDIA M TO.
But there is possibility that due to many private player's farmers can negotiate on better price ...we can't speculate future or live in fear of it. Jio and Amazon never had monopoly in india they always had competitors like flipkart and Airtel , and this competition helped consumers with lower price telecom prices.
desh ke kishan hamesha garib hi rahenge in fargi kishan netao ke vajah se, society which doesn't accept Reform and transformation will never progress . I also come from farmer's family and supported this law.
The Farmers are fully cognizant of the implications of the draconian farm laws thrust upon them without a debate/ consultation. Thanks for starting the conversation with Delhites.
580 out of 620 farm union support farm law
Seems like modi administration doesn't want their vote bank to be down. Hence he proves once again that his law was against farmers by taking them back
The goverment is giving syngenta seeds to framers to cultivate crops and at the same time says that they should boycott china just google who owns it and i hope that these farmers get the subsidies that they deserve
The irony is the countries from which these protesters are protesting from(US,UK,Canada) are the ones who are opposing (in WTO) the subsidies given to farmers. Trudeau and some British MP's(colonialists) are the ones who are opposing India in WTO. The protesters should also look towards these govt's too.
Next 2022 election in Punjab.  Only  politics are going on just using farmers against this bill.
Brilliant way to destroy farmers livelihoods,this is the same government which told that they are going to double farmers income.
Bill would be acceptable only when govt. Will ready to bear the loss of farmers...
Modi says that laws are for the benefit of the farmers. But farmers says that they don't want such laws. Still Modi govt wants to go ahead with the farm laws goes to show that Modi wants to favor his rich friends Ambani and Adani. Modi raj has become Goonda raj.
Also parallelly the govt has introduced Kisan Rail and a dedicated freight corridor. This is also interlinked with these laws if you could see things in toto. I would suggest you to go through Ashok gulati's articles on farm bills or someone who is an agricultural economist.
Requst to all PLEASE support farmers
My question is why the farmers from particular state of our country having problem with bill..and why  not from other states much. SOOCHOO
Purana Farm bill etna acha tha to Kishan suicide ku kr rhe the. 
Farmers 
This is the last nail in Modi's career. We need Yogi for 2024. Modi grandpa is not able to handle political pressure.
These farmers are so United and intelligent that they won't form their own cooperative or corporation.
This lad has understood the challenges correctly, however solutions lies in opening up the agri - sector. This same narrative is used by small manufacturing sector that big foreign companies will dominate, but Indian manufacturing is stronger today than in 1991. The current APMC & subsidies system is financially unsustainable for our country & we have to face the reality. The solution is painful in short run, but beneficial in long run.
Today I understood why lal bahadur shastri said," jai javan,jai kisan". A huge respect for farmers and tribute to the ones who died
Farmer Agitation has turned into Revolution...
Excellent SKM & Tikait supportive move to resolve Kisan Andolan Agendas in Right Direction.... Zindabad
Your job is really tough but still you always keep bringing new videos about important issues...I watch your videos for the real information because all the news channels show literal,utter nonsense..Great work... Lots of love and prayers for your entire team and all the protesting farmers I sincerely Respect all you guys
Corporates always go with the policy of having a 'kill the competitor' budget and here in current case the regulated government supported APMC market is the competitor....
They ignored the initial smoke coming from punjab and paid the price.
Is the repeal of laws demand justified since apmc mandis of Punjab, haryana will be obsolete as inter state movement of anaaj now feasible outside apmc. 
India has every right to carry out farm reforms. These farmers don't seem to understand that the free market system will help them become more productive and wealthier. The socialist system will not change their current status. Their children will inherit that sad existence under the current system.
Youtube, make this in trending if u care abt farmers of our country.
So farmer bill is good.
MSP = Minimum Support Price and not Minimum Selling Price as is being mentioned in the video. Lets be factually true please
These "farmers" should be put behind bars
Thanks sir for giving relief to our Farmers.
Modi police we want to ask one thing when Modi and Yogi gatherd several people in Ayodhya Ram temple foundation and BjP Amith Sha conducted rally in Hyderabad violating covid protocol what our police did?
They should have separate state of their own.. the only solution! Since modi godi has nothing to give them..
He said "Ek kissano ka varg" "Kuch kisan" "Andolan jevi"   wtf about those who supported this laws what about them ? what about those who got boycotted just coz they supported this laws ?
These farmers are not farmers but antinationals.
First ask bjp where they getting their funds from to spend billions on elections and propaganda, then ask farmers
MSP has been referred as price assurance, price guarantee , so please download farm bill 2020 pdf format and read point 5 mentioned.
Those are not Farmers, those are goons
Some people like you are the reason ki farmers protest ko alag angle de raha h desh Ka media. Bhai Himachal or Punjab ko kyu compare karra h. Chutiye
The free market outside mandi system will lead to monopoly and ultimately to the destruction of agriculture sector in India, just like what happened in the US.
Thers many provisions acts yojna and schemes created for grassroots and agri people but are weak where majority of farmers don't receive the benefits.  
We stand United with farmers. Down  to modi government
Present youth should learn from our great fighters our farmers
Just because UP election 2022 farm bill repealed not for farmers only politics
I Support Farmers and You...
I have been a BJP supporter for long time. Never have i been this dissapointed. The farm law was revolutionary in many aspects. Now every opposition party will think they have won.
Our media calling farmer's the misguided  and terrorist ... Sad reality
The farmers were from long demanding the reforms suggested by the Swaminathan Commission and all the reforms suggested are enacted in farmer's law. All the big agricultural economist are suggesting that these laws are good.  Crores of farmers have signed a petition stating that if these laws are taken back the they will also start protesting. Many political parties like INC and the left front who have lost their political ground are trying to regain it through these protest. And farmers from only 2 states (Punjab & Haryana) are protesting against these. So before posting any other video on some topics please see all the facts and comments made by politically neutral economist (or renowned topic experts.)
Unbaised . Only one flaw in new farmer bill have you seen price hike in essential goods
Only CONGRESS FOR THE TRUE INDIANS.
greatest leader Modiji... india true democracy..  BJP always for india..
These new farm laws are long pending was proposed by the rival parties when they were in power, they are highly important to shape a progressive future for India.
Farmers exploitation is the main issue why farmers are protesting.
My dream is to unite farmers for making many more entrepreneurial ideas like amul
The minimum support price wasnt being removed. The law only enabled them to sell wherever they wanted. Now they are back to selling to only govt outlets. Most produce has no demand, and is just given away by the govt for nothing because of storage problems. Water intensive rice isnt needed, nor the high chemical usage and burning stubble helping anyone
"I come from 2 Indias" where farmers commit suicide yet force the govt to repeal farm laws... 
This guy just helped me in farm bill school homework ....
In these two states poor farmers receives less than $100 USD monthly wages.. The middlemen who usually have strong connections with local state mandis (Market) usually take a huge margin commision.. while the farmers don't get fair value of the crop. 
as jio mart like apps grow eventually it leads to urbanization where farmers won't sell their lands and won't grow crops they also depend on  these apps many areas become drought. later corporate companies purchases or occupy their own lands and Indians will become starving. 
The fascist Indian government will bow down to farmers who are real strength of India
Thanks sir for gave jenune info abt kale kanoon repeal by the bjp,rss modi pm
Shame on these people for lying so blatantly. He blatantly lied that there is no video of car running over the farmers .... BLATANT LIAR
The statistics report confirm, that 15.2% indian children are under-nutritioned, 72% have no sanitation among rural population , 39% don't have toilets in rural India, 20% don't have electricity and live in the dark. Almost quarter of the whole number of urban residents live in slums. Modi says, causes of poverty is not a easy task to note.........nonetheless, rest of the India sees it.  does he live on another planet, people have start to ask?
farmers won & GODI lost but there should be no vote for BJP in upcoming elections
Congratulations Dear Farmers. Hope the MSP is guaranteed as well & there is no catch here. 
After Modi repeal 3 Farm laws
Yeah so Indian farmer had been protesting decades ago to bring those laws. Some people are now opposing. And only 8% of 600 million farmers actually use Mandis. Indian agriculture is already in resonance with free market. Poultry, Spices, etc are all in the free market. For eg Dairy industry makes 27% alone off the whole agriculture industry and it doesnt have any mandi system. So just to let you guys now the "actual" reality. And one more thing the govt provides the Minimum support price to only 22 crops out of thousands of others grown by 600 million farmers. So dont call this an Indian farmer protest its more like Mandi farmer protest.
So what's the final solution for farmers. APMC dealers are exploiting them and as per your explanation corporatisation is also bad. Where should farmers go ?
No Farmers No Food No India.
FunFact : this are the smallest amount of farmers main farmers are supporting this laws. 
He is mixing the facts. All anti BJPs youtuber are actually congress funded. Like Media funded by BJP
Are you aware of the fact that 12% of all suicides in india in 2017 were farmer suicides. There are numerous reasons for this. There is lack of infrastructure in india, privatization of agriculture will attract more investment from private players which will enable the farmers to ameliorate their situation. But will you tell your followers about this? No. You will very conveniently leave out these parts. 
About 11203 farmers killed in just last 3 months... we need to overthrow India... save farmers kill rich... wonderful dhruv rathee
I really wonder what's the new plan of amit shah to create havoc in India for the upcoming elections
india is a big country and only haryana and punjab mandi godown owners are protesting and others are welcoming government move towards growth !! these are not farmers actually which is proven by plan of action tweeted by greta mistakenly...
9) Farmers Alram System Region wise profile wise updates regarding weather, type of Produce according to soil profile, etc factors
What inconvenience farmers are creating?? 
Said to see the reality of so called modern, educated and independent India. Leaders should not forget theirs oaths. This is the failure of democracy. Government of the people has turn against them. Only God knows what happen next. Let's hope for best!
correct your knowledge mam...MSP means Minimum Support Price.
Kuch nehi hoga bjp wale ko. Yehi kaam k liye to vote dete hai ye bjpe supporters.... Jai ho iss desh ki...
Bjp is from india
The only Way to fight and defeat the injustice is Gandhian way of ahinsa. The farmers agitation has proved it.
Farmer are sitting in govt head but corporate are sitting on govt heart.
1. The fixation of MSP by doing analysis of cost incurred by farmers to bring their products to saleable conditions & penalty including jail  for not abiding by MSP rules.
India is a Global IT HUB now. Better to focus on that because 85% of what we eat is Global Production ......merely 12-15% we get from Indian Farmers. To retain India's economy we need to pay attention to Assets and not on Liabilities.
How Corporates will handle court cases if anything goes wrong against farmers.
Farmers are born to be exploited all time. Now they  are exploited by middlemen. In future by corporates.
Ma'am, explaination is good but you don't know the facts. You just know the rules and acts which were formulated. I am a farmer's son and am well educated. I know all the ground realities. Many things which you said in this video are wrong. First go to farmers and then understand the problem. You know nothing. Just try to understand the ground realities before making video.
There are ofcourse flaws in the existing infrastructure and farmers have been suffering, but i guess you forgot to mention, how these 3 new farm bills are going to worsen their situation. Dont play smart!
Victory to the farmers!
you did not explain why only opposition to bills from Punjab, Haryana, western  up? not the rest of india ?
After death of 71 farmers, the government still remains unaffected.
We should have cange in type of crops like it happened in China along with MSP support by Govt
Indian farmers lost
*"Tumhaari Bhi Jay-Jay , Hamaari Bhi  Jay-Jay,                                                                              Naa Tum Haare,                                                                                        Naa Ham Haare"*                                                            *"A wise step / decision has been taken by Modi Government , on the *"Auspicious Day of Guru Nanak's Birthday (Janm-Jayanti).                                                                           *"A Holy-Day means "A Praksh-Parva Divas"*                                  . .   (Kartik Purnima) (Dev-Diwali).                                                         The Best *Gift* is presented to.                                                     *"All The Farmers of BHARAT"* from.                                                            *"A NDA led Government at Centre.                                *"MODI-GOVERNMENT"*.                                *"VANDEMATRAM"*.                                                          *"JAY-JAWAN"*.                                                 *"JAY-KISAN"*                                          *"JAY-HIND"*.                                                                                                        *"JAY-BHARAT"*                                                                                        *"BHARAT Mata Ki Jay"*                 
Dear All ....you  know how muchh damage farm reform bills do to small,poor farmer , let me tell you .. this bill makes the existing contractors mere #sponsers ,which will be making agreement from 1-5 years to an individual or group of farmers , agreement doest nt include anything related to land , and any infrastructure that the firm built on farmer's area will have to be removed by the firm within a month ( after contract period) or else that infrastructure belongs to the farmer while all payment will be done at the time of crop transfer, besides disputes related will be dealt on the fast track path by SDM or DM level and only farmer have the right to go to the sessions court,moreover the penalty for farmer is the loss of sponser while penalty on sponser is 1.5 times the deal amount & a disaster on #mandi system is that yess mandis demand will decrease as farmers dont be needing them and will be merely controlled by authorities, in fact govt wont be spending that much money on buying the crops and can do a lot more imp works... the sponsers can arrange agri -councellors, may lend some amount( with no or little interest),can also include aggregators and can arrange transport facilities or include them in big supply chains..... SEE this is Why it becomes #KAALA kanoon for the opposition and not to the majority of farmers....
And if the act was not passed then  Farmers Income won't be able to get double by 2022 then Librandus be like :- Jumla Modi. Feku Modi.
You summarised farmers bill very nicely and unbiased. Please consider remaking of this video in hindi. so, most of indians can understand it.
I support farming laws
Modiji is Great Prime Minister of India
Praying God that he will  Give them  strength and unity to punjab farmers and the people who are supporting farmers.
.still from the view of a farmer MSP must be there and it should be made mandatory.
I have spoken with many real farmers regarding farm laws.
6. In Contract , private purchaser can amend price depending upon quality of produce.  Private purchaser is togive seeds, fertilisers , then in case yield is not as of excellent quality why right has given to Corporate to amend price?? Why farmer has to bear loss? 
We want coverage of farmer's protest
Don't say only punjab farmers.. 
In Andhrapradesh (A state in Southern India) farmers r protesting for 400+ days against state government
As a Punjabi Sikh, Im so glad that you guys are bringing attention to this crisis. I  dont live in India, but its terrible to see my people being treated like this. I was hoping that you guys would make a video on this to bring it attention
So does that mean that the farmer strikes that are going in some states might be influenced by state government ?
Bhai ap phehle hi bol chuke hai ki 70 %  farmers (kissan)  educated nhi hai fir In phadhie likhi Padi company to inko loot lengyi aur nhi unke pass fincial support ha aur i nhi na hi government because they are not not deal with business man
 Now you understand why these corrupt people are opposing Modi ji?
Basically, farmers' concerns are :
I feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
This govt have murdered the very democracy on which India was build... Victory to farmers
I still dont see why farmers are protesting . The Govt has just made it easier for free market economy to function other than in extraordinary circumstances (war/famine /hoarding etc) .
It has proved that India is a developing country and will always be a developing country and will not become developed nation becos of this type of leader like Rakesh Tikait. Shame on us we people do not understand which leader works for nation and which leader is selfish and works for himself and his clan.
Also not having these laws incentivizes the Punjab farmers to grow more and more wheat, which is the biggest reason for groundwater depletion in Punjab(Environment Damage) and the stubble produce are burned by this wheat-growing farmer which is the biggest reason of poor air quality in delhi(Again Environment Damage). Hats off great, hypocrisy at its max. Again nobody is going to loose livelihood (watch this link, and you will connect all the dots). big fan of Trevor - just a small piece of advice, before explaining any topic you should also do research of the others' view too.  (The link will help in completing your research, hope you will cover this issue in the next part of this video)
So why don't we make a business,  im a farmer from India,  why don't you buy whatever you like from me ?
Only person who really care about farmers 
You have supply chain management and now instantly shift into free market enterprise is a recipe for failure to smaller farmers owning 5ac and under.
6th argument that farmer cant sell their produce even outside their home district..i think transportation exist in our country and they will sell only after considering transportation charges etc they are not so uneducated that they cant calculate their profits or cant use smartphones for emandi app
4. Only a few are farmers there. Others are "support staffs", some are sponsored by an illegal separtist movement called Khlistan backed by Pakistan. Some of them are so called highlight seeker activists.  Some loosers are also sponsored by opposition parties.
One harsh truth is that the business men pay taxes and farmer take loans and the gov waive their loan. Please think rationally.
unlike others he actually talked about the positive steps taken by centre for the welfare of farmers
Study IQ terminate that last person who made video on farm bill
It seems it is useless for farmers protest like this! The government doesn't give a damn if the farmers just peacefully protest like this. Poor farmers!
This made me cry.. i still remember , i was in class 10th when the election happnd for Narendra modi... and everywhere i used to see "ache din aynge"  but its been 7 years now .. i have seen worst years in my family.. this is so heartbreaking to see. That people chosed wrong govt. And this govt. Have put his legs so badly.. that its so difficult to take them down.. after modi have become pm, i have poorer people becoming more poor and richer more rich.. and they are dking same with this farm's law..
This farm laws would have benefited India greatly. Very disappointed.
From 2014 india facing very crucial circustances.. Poor people suffering alot from modi government 
Well, i am impressed with the wire , they always try to show exact things and issues in our society. Ma'am suppose if you get your salary of 2021 in 2022. Same things farmers get their payment in next year.
Hey Vox? Why don't you read the entire farm laws properly? Don't be selective. And please mention about the middlemen and corrupt APMC officials also.
Vox, you should be ashamed of what you are doing. Please don't hide the truth. You don't have to like us (farmers), but please stop spreading disinformation.
1. Farmers had the freedom to sell their produce anywhere in the country since 1976. This law did not give us that. In 1976, farmers did an agitation and high court removed the zonal restrictions in november 1976 giving farmers the freedom to sell their produce anywhere in the country whereas traders or to use your  words "middleman" didnt have that. This law gave that to these "middleman" and i quote"inter-State trade means the act of buying or selling of farmers produce,
Its didn't feel Narendra Modi did this to benefit farmers. The borders of Indian capital Delhi was literally a war zone when the farmers travelled there.
MSP, free electricity, cheap fertilizers and above all not ready to change keeps them going..luckily farmers of Punjab n Haryana don't represent farmers of all India.
You had not mentioned about the farmers going to court for getting justice
Farmers- Ex army Sikh man .RIP all those who were victims of this BJP government in our country. All goons and criminals political party..
This is loss of Farmers and a win to Brokers... ! Now they will cry as before.... ,
Congratulations  farmers on your Winning 
One thing is clear, What ever the bill comes or technology advances, Farmers will be going to struggle a lot since one or the other loopholes will strike that farmers may not aware of in advance.
3. There are only 3 states whose farmers are joining the protest because these states buy the maximum quota of MSP. Other states don't get much so they have already moved on from it and are well off in Southern Indian states.
They should have discussed the bill with the stakeholders (farmers leaders) who will be impacted. Instead they rushed the bill amid covid.
Mostly uncle aunties above 50 people who don't need jobs and doesn't care about petrol diesel prices as they have nowhere to go are avid supporters of bjp
Farmers are clearly well informed. Look at the discussion, the police wala doesn't know a thing.
Absolutely absurd diversion. Farmers are protesting for MSP, she is clueless and I feel she is doing this deliberately to government. She should tell upfront as she is pro-govt. Punjab and Haryana are protesting becuase a very big chunk of their produce procured by MSP. Logically nobody should say no to this bill concern is MSP.
Pantab and Haryana has to become competitive farming economy and face the the positive alternative also when all other farmers accept alternatives even though they dont have high water etc
All are with farmers ...aur hn shyd ab godi media ki freedom dekh kr lagta ki india world press freedom index me Norway ko pichhe chhod dega aur india ka naam roshan krega  good work  the lallantop
Plz world help us Punjab and hariyana bjp worst gorvment ever history in India...plzzzz help
Govt wants to promote international commodities future and option trading. Make Indian Agro sector use the best of market price...
Farm laws were not bad but the problem was that government doesn't take various farm union say for this that's why they were demanding to repeal all laws as if they were having fear of uncertainty than only one law was doing that, but the brutal things happened to farmers were very very bad so according to me repealing of 3 laws was good for all farmers and it may be seen as result of various by polls.
Why our farmers are committing suicide despite the existence of apmc.
Firs Modi destroyed economy with note bandi, then Modi destroyed small businesses with GST, now Modi try to destroy farmers with these bills. With these bills big businessmen like Adnany, Abany, Tata, Birla will be able to  buy crops at lowest prices  because farmers don't have logistics or resources to sell there crops to any one besides these big  companies, and these companies will buy at lowest cost and store the crops to sell it when demand at it peak, and these companies will export the crops to international markets that will cause food shortage in India, and common people will suffer. The big companies  benefited from GST  became the small could not stay in business, and now that business is gone to Abany and Adnany. Labour class got  destroyed with note bandi.
India globalisation nte part  akumbolum same corporate and privatisation  fear ayi ipolath existing govt party vare vannirunnu. Ipo enthayi.. I think it's good for farmers, if they implement this properly
My msg to those if u don't understand the farm bill and support govt so please spend a month or few days with farmer in their field
BBC is so run by the left.You bring a left inclined speaker who definitely is representing the left party who are in opposition , thats fine but could have also got someone from the govt to answer back otherwise it just one sided view.People like Avik Saha has been provoking people for last 60 days to Create this Havoc.  I support the farmers protest as that's their right but as long as they  did this peacefully. Also there are Pak money in Play with Khalistani's agenda being pushed ,  the opposition cant even manage these these protest well and are not coordinated , people are not fools and Farmers getting sideline which Modi would like to take advantage to defend the govt position in dealing with the violence. Its the farmers who will loose at the end . There was no visuals in this video showing  farmers ( Some) using tractors to deliberately run over the cops and fighting with swords and weapons.I wonder  UK police would have such patience if it was in London.
This is a really messed up situation. And us Americans really dont hear enough about it. My heart goes out to those farmers.
 BEFORE BILLS(CURRENT): PRICE WAS FIXED. COMPANIES SELL THEIR PRODUCTS BY INCLUDING LABOUR ON PRODUCTION. AND, EVERYONE BUY PRODUCTS IN DOUBLE PRICE.
We should support Formers but not these local Brokers and Terrorists
This country is a wast land with diversity and hence is difficult to bring any reform. This is mainly due to our attitude. None of the government whether Central or State,they are not willing to take the confidence of the majority.Hence no reforms are actually taking place for the welfare of society.  What is needed by the country is to support the farming community by providing sufficient storage space for the perishables and provide steady prices for their product.
Entery of private players in agriculture is never a good move at some point in future without proper government intervention private players can form as a syndicate and govern the prices of commodities and turn farming unprofitable
#HARYANA  Thanks my all indian farmers love you all
As of now, CACP recommends MSPs of 23 commodities, which comprise 7 cereals, 5 pulses, 7 oilseeds, and 4 commercial crops
Thanks to Modi Ji for repealing 
ijjat do bhai full ijjat mang rha kyunki banda upsc ka tyari kar rha aur ye sab kuch janta hhhh.....is bande ko puche ki kya corporates jaruri nhi hote kisi desh ke liye farmers are imp but corporates tooo.... corporates give employment.... gives massive revenues to gov so that this can be utilised for some amount of socialism purpose like food subsidy lpg subsidy....who give diplomatic power to any country they are corporates.... us uk chin u hi itne powerful nhi hhhh.... contract farming vha bhi chalta hhhhh vha to logo ke pas zamin hi nhi bacha hga... kyu bhai upscian
This is a big move by BJP for upcoming elections.....
We can treat celebrity, politician with respect but not the hardworking farmer .
Do you'll understand what he just did? haha....Mind Blowing Stroke! He just snatched out the slight advantage that opposition gained against him with this "krishi andolan" bullshit!  Modiji is a genius!
What about cases against farmers?
Modi government only cares corporate all the rules and regulations they liberalise to favour corporate,Indian media also with there pocket so they are not giving importance to such news
Prapogoda against India by BBC chanel
3. APMC system creates inefficiencies such as high taxes/middlemen fee. Also, it results in cartelization of middlemen. Unnecessary cost borne by farmer and buyer.
I wish protesting farmers would watch this video  such a nice explanation Sir 
The USA is certainly not a model for better agricultural practices. We lose soil and farmers every single year, and we are projected to run out of farmland this century.
Because of these laws , big farmers will not be benefited who have lot of land and equipment like tractors . These bills are  in favour of poor farmers.
4. The selling of his/ her produce by the Indian farmers is governed by Agriculture Market Committee Act (APMC).
Modi ji roye nhi rote to thoda aur emotion wali bat ho jati
Indian Farmers Should be definitely taught About this bill
Agriculture is backbone of India economy i studied and now this bjp done to India economy
Even world Bank  and imf , usa supported this bill
Farmers need 
All are highly recommended farmers having much more money can do anything, not a small farmers nearly 70% are appreciated this type of gathering because they are getting their money in time.
Catering to small farmers isnt financially helping them or the country at all.  
1. in case of dispute farmers cannot go to civil court, is that correct? and if yes then isn't that bad
Very positive approach towards farm Bill's and growth of the farm sector...nicely explained...example of LPG is very apt and evidential.....
Our pm apologize n those farmer lost their life in protests this law n what message sir  to do about those our friend die in protest as we know we born one time n die one time if we die because of natural disaster  like earthquake I accept it n this protest die by man
                   ta  V MSP PAKA RATE DAS DENA CHIDA      NAIIII TA PANI 50 YEARS NU PUNJAB CH V KITA KITA MILU
So farmers of just 2 states Punjab and Haryana (who are the top two richest farmers creed in whole 28 states of India) rest 26 are not protesting govt wants to reform the whole system because it's old and doesn't work for everyone alike and govt also wants to tax rich farmers which is a good move as every farmer of different countries pay taxes and here we in India gives them free electricity and subsidies (which USA, Canada, Brazil etc are against in WTO World Trade organization) so kindly do not follow these leads made by soft and caring voices of stupid YouTube creators 
I have been in Punjab for 3 years. The actual farmers still getting hardly two or three rupees for tomatoes or potatoes. But as per mandy system they are forced to sell their crops certain licenced brokers. In Maharashtra onion are sold to sarathpawar and his daughter. In this way 
Because of farmer we all alive.. Don't blame to farmer ..
You said 85% of the farmers are small time farmers. how are they supposed to negotiate for high prices to massive private companies
These farmers are whether so innocents or evil mindset goons
Again vote for Modi ji and BJP.
4) Why is protest happening only from Punjab. What is the link between Mandis of Punjab and the politicians from punjab. (Dare you to cover the flow of money between Mandis and the politicians)
The current farm laws are against wto guidelines .
Farmers protested very peacefully for a long period but government didn't heed to their needs.  Many farmers died due to the cold weather conditions.
Farmers stops cultivation 
Even big corporates can form cartel and eventually monopoly so removing apmc would further detoriate the farmer conditions 
Who is here after Modi repealed Farmer Law ?
and what if banks refuse to give loans then only operatives provides them loans and you know that corporatism loves there money over any thing and desperate farmer will have to sign a contract for instant you will farms for me for next 5 year the following grade the following QTY and if crop fails corporatism don't take responsibility and as govt wont intervene in these matters and the interest on loan will sure to increase year by year  and they cant go to court as they are bonded by contract you don't show these facts
Please take care of farmers, laborers etc otherwise India will witness people entering the homes of big SETHS, NETAs.
There are 3 laws passed in parliament regarding the Minimum Support Price and other farming related issue but farmers are demanding the ABOLITION those 3 laws instead of alteration in those laws
Jb support nahi krna tha tho Congress in apne 2019 k Manifesto  mai kyu rakha tha?
Proud of my farmer brothers.
Today once again the rich farmer of the country won and the poor farmer lost.  The reason for the loss of the poor farmer is the media.With the help of journalist brothers and sisters once again the poor farmer is defeated.
your channel is great that it showing real news and real emotions of framers. godi media should show this type of real news and ground report.make more videos on this protest and make more and more people aware about this things.jay javan jay kisan
Want more videos on farmers protests
This IS unfortunate! What a sad news! Modi should NOT have bowed down to Congress' pressure. Congress bastuds celebrate it..
In India innovation in farming is needed, we need more cash crops instead of paddy, wheat & sugarcane in too much quantity.
Everyone sitting at home making money is saying bills are right but actually if you look in the past private businesses have never supported farmers and now if government will not take this bill back then the farmer of India will really struggle just see now the msp is around 1800 and farmers get whole 1800 or even more but if we will go and sell our products in private godowns where msp is not sure then they will easily give us 800 and when the time will come to give money they can easily say that they dont have money people outside punjab and Haryana are just blinded in SSR and Rhea that they dont even want to know about the worst scenarios and are just saying that its positive whereas it is positive nowhere government says that the msp would be ended then why dont they write this in the bill its a matter of just one line the truth is they just want the businessman to grow the private companies will just tell farmers that their is no written proof of msp and will buy the products as they wish and one more thing did any big news channel supported farmers or even showed their situation no because are government puppets and have hypnotised the people of India in SSR Rhea case so that no one could raise his/her voice against them
But then again Sikhs are disproportionately part of this nationwide protest making some pro govt commentators to speculate that this protest has some separatist undertones to it. Which is sad because true or not it distracts from the fact that most Indian farmers struggle to get a fair market for their produce.
The whole responsibility for this is on Modi. His arogance and submissive nature towards a few corporates...we as Indians are seeing this on daily basis in his deeds...he works for a few rich Indian corporates such as R***** industries and not for normal Indians.
I like how nobody is talking about that dhruv always speaks against BJP and always speaks in favour of AAP.... appreciated 
We support farmers movement
red fort mein room bhi book kiya tha kisano ne..phir  real indian flag bhi lagara tha..you forgot to said..
Next time when I hear the news about a farmer dying due to lower wages and income from those 3 states I won't be sad , as they chose their own fate .
Mr. Sengupta makes lots of assumptions.  He comes from the W. Bengal school of economics.  He sees malevolent  intent on the part of government and corporations everywhere!  He assumes that the corporates are out to suck our vitals out.  If people like him had a say, we would be still lining up to buy Lambretta and vespa scooters, and Fiat and Ambassador cars.  He completely ignores the power of competition and innovation on prices.  He doesn't tell us these vestiges of the soviet model don't even exist in communist countries today.  There will be hundred of corporations vying for farm products from millions of farmers.  Marxists are scaring the small farmers.  Sure, small farmers may need support for a few years till they realize that the heavens are not falling as forecast by doomsayers.  I hope the government continues to roll these reforms, with some modifications in order to bring modern practices into Indian agriculture......
For farmer's regulated market anu athishaktham...
Some people are menuplating farmers by making MSP an issue. If MSP is still there than what.. again we  reached from where we start and if MSP is gone than Farmers are afraid of even more lower price but, why we are neglecting that govt has already removed punitiveity hording of essential crops and as a result prices of these products are already high.
The farmers werent violent. I saw it through my own eyes, the Indian police started hitting the poor old farmers to which the people retaliated. This was done by modi, to give the protest a violent face. Please change your title.
So people in Punjab and Haryana should welcome these reforms not just having you in mind, but the whole country in mind
Not a line on why this is only happening largely in 2-3 states, or how avg. farming income of Bihar actually went up after dropping APMC mandis, instead showing current differences so someone not knowing would think that is the reason it went. Protest has some genuine reasons, like lack of legal options in contract farming deals or having a sudden change instead of gradual transition but just to cover one side of the story.. bad stuff.
FARMERS protest can further rise the covid infections. Not playing politics but general concern.
 Punjabi-Khalistani farmer's action is equally wrong on 26 Jan 2021 (Indians will NEVER forgive these anti-nationals)
under the new Bills, the contracting farming approach does not guarantee MSP, it's suggested. that's one of the fundamental demands from the farmers. Several political leaders (example: Haryana CM) are misleading the people. if the Govt really wants to help the farmers, they should work with farmer organizations to improve the existing APMC system. they should see the Swaminathan Commission report for recommendations (official study done by govt 2004-2006).
I dont understand. Whos it regulated by? The farmers or the government?
Every One in India knows Very well that Canada England China USA Pakisthan r Supporting Khalisthan Movement
PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
Khalistani flags in kisan protest why??
God save india from Modi
if MSP is given they cant demand more and farmer will stay poor .....
Does that Second bill mean that before farmers couldnt sell their goods outside their states? And this bill just enabled them to it?
Government should listen to farmers and take a good decision in favour of farmers not rich buisiness man. Who after sometime will change rules as per their wish which is not fair. Salute to farmers 
But the reality of the government controlled Mandi is that the poor farmer is usually forced to sell at whatever price the broker cartel at the Mandi decides. MSP usually comes when government procures directly through the FCI etc. For perishable items like brinjal  lemon etc he is forced to sell because he cannot take the produce back home. 
Modi should interfere immediately. Throwing cold water on humans in a cold weather amounts to torture.
May god save the farmers
A very small section of farmers in parts of India have some reservations about these reforms. Respecting the sentiments of the protestors, the Government of India has initiated a series of talks with their representatives. Union Ministers have been part of the negotiations, and eleven rounds of talks have already been held. The Government has even offered to keep the laws on hold, an offer iterated by no less than the Prime Minister of India.
1. Only 1 state farmers are protesting.
They r not farmers 
Every one has problems not only farmers.
Wrong decision. Disappointed with you BJP.....You also backed down before these so called farmers....then what is the difference between you and other parties....emotionally hurt today.....
Farmers protect failed.
Modi is neglecting farmers
Save our Farmers and Save Nation 
This is obviously #KhalistanAgenda supported by @capt_amarinder @RahulGandhi @_YogendraYadav #RakeshTikait #TukdeTukdeGang etc
Regarding MSP , we cannot compare any electronic or other goods wth agricultural products, since, dayby day it will perish.. And who will buy any spoiled or perished things. The rice even produced frm a single land will not be of same quality. So if there is hundred kg, seventy will get good price, and for the remaining , price will be lower. Some times at the time of harvesting rain may come, or lot of problems which can affect the quality and price. More than that, Since india is a member of WTO, corporates have a choice to buy low cost food crops frm other countries. And Central govt. is spending billions of rupees every year in the agriculture sector through various subsidies and schemes. And in the newspapers we can check the prices of crops daily...(,Pls CHECK)
# we support farmer
capital of the country and apart from just a a handful of people so many ignorant ones who neither know the ground reality and nor do they care to educate themselves on the farmer's issue  before. As far as the question of inconvenience is concernred, do you really think its convenient for the farmers to camp out in the cold? they are not there having  a ball. their livelihoods are at stake.
2) 3rd bill pinne government parayunnathu thanne athaathu commodity produce cheyyunnavarku kurachude price hike undakkanulla breathing space kodukuka ennullathanu. Ivideyanu njan oru value addition parayan agrahikunnathu. Non perishable goodsinte karyathil ipozhulla vilayekkal athinte 50%thekkal increase marketil varuanel govt would reintroduce the commodity in the list. Perishable goodsinte karyathilum ipozhulla vilayekkal athinte 100% il kooduthal vikayakumbol athu veendum listilekku introduce cheyyapedum.  So the producers subsuming farmers are given a price slot of 50 and 100% respectively. Pakshe initial price for such determinationepati govt evidem paramarshichitilya. Athanu ividuthe negative. Mothathil paranja tughlaq parishkaram.
What happened to Covid concerns during all the election rallies in Bihar , Bengal and now going on in full scale in Tamil Nadu for municipal elections  ?
That is why the farmers want msp to sell product that is inferior quality.
Indian farmers are deep in trouble.
you said that we should hear the demands of kisaan . how we can hear if they do not know anything about the bill ? most of the farmes who are protesting said that " hume to kuch pata nhi hume to neta ne bola hum aagye". some said we want amendment in bill and some said we don't want this bill. if they are protesting for farmers so how someone can say "indira thok di modi ki chaati bhi thok dege" . why farmers are giving stage to khalistanis and anti-caa gang? please make another video on demands of farmers.
Without MSP how can farmers believe the contract. I think government wants to remove itself from the agriculture domain. Introducing MSP  and essential products list is not going to hurt anyone. Why is the government hesitating??
This belt of punjab, haryana, jammu, himachal ,west UP is not a pushover where you can bulldoze any law, these states are purely democratic where you have to talk to village elders, their MLAs , their pradhans to take them on your side and once they are on your side you can ask them for their lives too otherwise they are always up for a good fight.
You know nothing about farmers Bro
Hello Dhruv...Do u support this Farmer bill? Do u consider anything positive anything in this bill...? Plz explain that also
Agriculture percentage of GDP is decreasing not because the farming sector is suffering, it's because the remaining sectors have contributed in higher margin. Showing graphs and animation does not make you right, subsidiary system is the major flaw of Indian economy, farming substitute 15 % but demand higher support, how is it fair
Ramachandra Guha said: In the repeal of the farm laws, the victory of satyagraha over arrogance
General india public is so fucking clueless, wire is getting away with it's manipulation. Nobody really understands the economics of how prices are decided and how middle men have made most amount of money for past so many decades
Farmers are 
This bill is not disaster nor historical or game changer. India needs our own R&D high yields and oil seeds farming revolution
kissan major ekta zindabad. proud to be son of  farmer
Semi baked, half-truth video... Noone from the counter viewpoint is being represented in the video... This video is the classic case of "setting the narrative first and then twisting (or hiding the facts) to cater to it"... The matter of fact is the new laws create a new market system ALONGWITH the existing market practices/systems... Vox has not given any points/research on- 1- Why ONLY the so-called farmers of Punjab are protesting? Where are the other farmers from other states? 2- How many of these protesting are real farmers and how many are middlemen, 3- How many farmer unions are supporting these acts. Why is their views not represented? etc. etc. 
Victory of farmers
Anyone with basic understanding of economics can clearly see that deregulation of this sector will most likely be beneficial for the farmers. This fear of big players is irrational since big players compete against eachother as well and can't have guaranteed outcomes. 
Rakesh diker congress ka chamcha
After this, no govt will dare to take steps for betterment of Farmers. 
Informative but but not complete report. Why does it not explain how Mandi's and APMCs handle demand-supply fluctuations ?  Why does it not discuss scenario of inflation due to monopoly of APMC middlemen?  Hoarding can be done at APMC level also. It has been done if past.  Why does it not highlight the fact that some of the middlemen in APMC and big farmers have nexus to manipulate prices ?   Last but not the least why does it now highlight the fact that any MSP security cover by govt in case of excess produce results in wastage and loss of taxpayers money in buying it ??
When we add fertilisers, the nutrients naturally available are depleted and farmers become dependent on nutrients obtained through fertilisers. This is why we see an increase in fertiliser quantity usage per acre every year.
Beautifull, great work farmers!
I AM HAPPY THAT ALL FARMER PROBLEMS ARE RESOLVED AND NO FARMER WILL COMMIT SUICIDE .
Congratulations to Indian farmers. Your non-stop fight finally paid off. Jai Kisan !
The law is great for any western nation , but India is a 3rd world country with low income rates therefore without govt subsidy ( socialist policy ) THIS BILL WILL EXPLOIT farmers so much as private corps will keep finding new farmers ( india has 70% of population farming ) instead for providing them fair rates
How dare anyone misbehaves with farmers.
Are farmers of the entire country from Haryana and Punjab? Where are farmers of UP, Bihar, MP, West Bengal, MP, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra etc.
Why should  people of India pay tax to maintain feudal lords of Punjab & Haryana who oppress workers & exploit small farmers, want price guarantee, untenable subsidy, and market monoploly as middle men. Even if the government  favours such a feudal farm system of extreme inefficiency that produces only unwanted crops , which while distributed at lower price creates price stress  to farmers elsewhere...they want monopoly, they want to restrict small farmers their storage privilege, they want to restrict small farmers  or transport or sell at their convenience  .... they say they are justified because they are not consulted... will they give up their undue privileges as consulted? ..
Shame on you NDTV.. instead of saying BJP MP you have written it as Ex-congress MP
Farmers has to pay.
Let's be honest , election is near and he needs those farmers votes simple as that.
Suddenly everyone is a farmer in the comments.
From last 1.5 yrs no one was watching over the farmers protest.. Govt was blind.. But now its election time and its good thing that it was taken back.. We want election every months so that petrol gas everything will be reduced..
Most of those protesting havent even read the bill! Perhaps not even farmers!
same farmer community sending their children to  western countries to enjoy the fruits of capitalism.......but when it comes to our country to do the same reform they want old failed socialist laws......... tragedy of our nation
Can SAVE farmers
Every states farmers should support them for MSP and also farmers need MSP on many crops . And also government should buy other crops , pulses as they buy wheat . 
Summary....combining three laws..in any situation , either farmers or cosumer will be on losing side...corporates and govt will be always winner
Not "10's of thousands" of farmers, there are 2 Million Farmers on the frontlines alone, and millions of millions supporting! What a big mistake!
modi is trying to swift india from an agrarian society into a modern city style society
Stand with farmers. Educate our youth on the realities of the struggles of the farmers.
Farmers, protest, RED STAR INTENSIFIES
Indian farming sector needs reforms and modernization but those reforms should be discussed with all the parties involved and then brought in action and most importantly all the parties should be convinced.
Without farmers the whole population will die of starvation in a week....the Modi govt should let that sink in their brain if they have it at all...
Sir, Assam mein next year elections hai. Hume nahi BJP chahiye aur nahi Congress hume Aam Aadmi Party ki Sarkaar chahiye. Please Sir aap Assam se bhi participate kariye
NEXT NEWS : Protesting Farmers ran over by a "sanghi" Train speeding at 140 kph 
Sir really hats off to all farmer and to you, this is real journalism
Tell this F person that common ppl use to travel by TRAINS n BUSES ,not any VVIP or PM or any minister ..he is becoming CHAUDHARY ..Has he himself read new farmer bill completely ? What does he knows about bill ?
I got my answer for confusion over farm bill..thank you sir...
It is big loss of farmers
Farmers Never believe   Commitment of Feku , he is 420 about his commitment , we seen so many times . After bill pass only stop this protest .
Hahahahhaa... these three laws meet the decades old demands of the same farmers. Less than 2% of Indian Farmers are protesting.  Indian Farmers are with the Prime Minister's Reforms...
Farmer's r coming to Delhi so pls don't be jealous on our tractor nd cars bhakts  we bought it by our hardwrk not by fake trp
BBC was against Kisaan Kanoon earlier but now reverse...Hypocracy of BBC
I hate u Modiji......why u repealed the laws???..u just give boost of Khalistani movement..
Think about country people and poor  farmers..suffering  do better things
Bahut Hua Ab, Niklo border Se, Organised protests and farmer terrorist
If APMCs and MSPs are here to stay and the new Bill is providing additional option, Im failing to still understand what the problem is. ? What am i missing. Farmers can continue to seek in APMCs - whats the challenge. 
Govt need sit with farmers and soft the bill
English subtitles please!!! Lovely Doc ! More power to farmers!
I KNOW THERE ARE LOT OF LOOPHOLES IN EXISTING SYSTEM, THAT SHOULD BE RESOLVED NOT COMPLETELY DEMOLISHED, Farmers are opposing bcz new system have way more loopholes than the existing one
Seven states account for 87.5% of total suicides in the farming sector in the country. The states areMaharashtra, Karnataka, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu . Both marginal farmers and small farmers are committing suicide. 
Farm laws will actually give farmers more independence to sell their produce.. They will still get their minimum selling price.. There is no law that will give advantage to corporates.. Majority of the farmers and TRUE farmers here actually support the laws..
   Real farmers were welcomed by audience of delhi by provinding them varios foods or by rain of flowers on them to give respect but unfortunately the harrasment is it is neglected  ... 
Not the complete picture of the situation that exists. In the existing setup the small farmers cant litigate if the crop purchaser doesnt honour their contract. electricity and water for crops is another thing thats subsidised for these farmers. Most of the protesting farmers are from Punjab and Haryana who are subsidised by taxes paid by employed middle class Indians like me. Need of the hour is for both sides to sit down and discuss this over so that India as a whole, may progress!
Suggest put both sides of the story ... although i am with the pain of farmers but there is a mafia behind n with corruption rampant .... its sad ... but i wont grant sympathy to farmers in toto
Shabash. Wonderful video on Farmers' movement. Long live farmers
_How many farmers gave a golden shower to the walls of the Red Fort?_
remember the first day of Punjab Farmers That told "JAB TAK KANOON RADH NHI HONGE , TAB TAK NHI JAAENGE". 
In India, modi dictator has to go but he won't leave power
After listening left parties and their leaders I really want to ban all political parties except Modi ji(bjp).
Brilliant Ravish ji. Like always! Everyone watches you, listens to your prime time. Your stories are different. Everyone can relate with them. This is the India we are proud of. Jai Jawan,Jai Kisaan. Brilliant Ravish ji!
Farmers are rights
Whole Farmer Law came and went But I didn't understand what was wrong with them...
Incredible. Last year we saw the heinous riot and this year the farmer protest. Both are poles apart in their executions. Solute  to  the farmers.
Where is congress, why this situation congress is silent. Why congress party officialy support by farmers. The congress party must study the struggle of the farmers.
farmers are on right, govt should be held on negotiate with them
If you have any authority to put knowledge for agriculture save our farmers please
I always love these segments. I knew Rhianna had voiced her support, but I didn't know what the whole thing was about. Those farmers are dedicated as hell! Mabey BLM should start doing the same.
Election formula, socho kitne din kisan batke fir aaj suddenly vapas,
Now hardcore supporters of BJP will vote against BJP
US propoganda arms will never tell how US and WTO pressuring Indian govt. To abolish MSP and practices that help farmers. NORMAL AMRIKAN MEDIA
I fell very ashamed that thiss tyoe of problems. Our live giver( farmers) are fasing this problem shamed to be educated citizen my education is nothing if i don't support our kissans
RIP 800 farmers who lost their lives for these laws.
I am with farmers 
Support farmers..RIP modi
So if a farmer sells outside the mandis, it still won't get msp, even after this bill passes. Right?
5) Majority Indian farmers are not educated so they could easily be exploited by contract farming as framing contracts and related paper work is beyond an average farmer.
1) Why Punjab and Haryana farmers seem to be protesting relentlessly compared to the rest of the country - is it because MSP primary helps with wheat and rice produce, if that were the case, southern states should have been equally protesting 
You are against to the actual farmers, you don't want them to get better price.
Very weak statement from Narendra Modi.. taking back these laws will be a loss to many farmers other than punjab, haryana..
*Union Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal just resigned from her post in protest over government anti-farmer bills. Thank God, we have still got people like her.* 
Raw inputs for agriculture are no longer land, water and farmer. Innovation, Investment is also added.
Sir what about the amendment permitting anyone to buy farmers land
Big fan of AK but want a clarification as Raghav sir told on a TV debate that we did not pass 3  bills in Delhi,so Delhi farmers are not protesting
It's very sad day for me. Aapne bahut  dissappoint kiya hai aaj. Mutthi bhar logo ne pure desh ke kisano ka bhut nuksan kiya hai. You have set a very bad example for the time to come. india will pay the price.
It may happen that till now the produce govt bought, are all from big land owners. So to ensure govt buying produce at msp is from small farmers only center asked records, that was also protested.
Farmers feed us not like modi ji, ambaani and adaani who want to attain top positions to fulfill their worldy desires. Modi govt is suppressing their voice if farmers are saying they don't want this law then why government have passed it. Today they need our support. Jai Jawaan Jai Kissan
Q1 when contract farming is already in practice why introduce it through a bill let a state decide whether it  is required or not.
You nailed it samdish ,kudos to you for showing farmer's issue from ground level.national media should learn journalism from you.
-Give me only one example where any farmer is asking for remove apmc system or apms system  is not good.
Now those who are saying they (farmers) have choice to sell inside or outside mandi..i have a question. 
My family r farmers back home in Cambodia. Indian farmers we support u my friends and keep your head up.
Just like they said farmers were given 100 rupees to protest same way they said kashmiris were given 500 rupees to protest
Note that this is 4 months old. 1) Now, Govt has agreed for MSP 2) U also said  APMC will continue. If so, farmers have the option to go to APMC to avoid exploitation by Corporates n to get MSP. 3) Is it correct to assume buyers as Adani /Ambani alone; a wrong mindset pushed on? There are umpteen SMEs pan India who can very well be the needy buyers. Small farmers also can form Self Help Group model, (use mechanisation to minimise cost, take help of a youngster for on line contacts etc)  to have better bargaining with SMEs. Groupa can be capable to fight against exploitation of big Corporates. 4) Ultimate aim is to narrow the gap between farmer price and consumer pri ce, which is several multiples, without any value addition. Govt can bring some other employment scheme for middlemen which can supplement the GDP. the Inflation can also be reduced by f to c. So, win win for all. 5) It is wrong to picturise the word Corporates as negative.  Any Indian can avoid all Corporate products, present day? It is not the top 2-3 alone.  Enterprising SMEs can grow in certain spaces gradually putting a stop to growing concentration in the hands of few.6)  Under contract farming can allay the system of glut in the market by suitably  advising to switch produce, which will avoid the risk of low price.
Go Indias Farmers. Inshaallah You succed in your struggle
As a Punjabi I can personally say the problems with the agriculture system has hit our people extremely hard. So much so that the biggest goal of Punjabi people is to immigrate to America. Many other parts of India criticize us saying we dont stay and build in Punjab but rather abandon it as a whole, but the problem is much larger than staying in and working in Punjab. Many of us found success in America and remain farmers in the states. Its our culture, and we do what can to support those remaining in Punjab. No matter what way you look at its a rough situation. Theres always been massive tension between Punjabis and the rest of India, so much so that in 1984 a genocide was committed against our people.
Not a single policy of the bjp  govt.has worked and this farmer's ordinance seems just to target Punjab farmers' prosperity.
3. Farmers nowhere in this country have to pay tax in the mandis. Its the traders who pay the tax for buying there. And that mandi tax has been used by punjab and haryana to develop the rural infrastructure. Difference between a village in punjab, haryana and states like bihar  where mandis have been abolished is quite evident. That mandi tax is quite important for the rural development.
Farmers never be a Murderer..... If they are real Farmers then why they killed 4 persons?
Wish that these so called leaders of democratic country understands the problems of farmers. Support Farmers.
Because of this economic hardship, farmers have been asking for reforms for decades. But this year, instead of providing more protections for this vulnerable community, the central government went in the opposite direction.
Free market is advantageous for everyone. Farmers shouldn't protest.
Farmers must now take this fight to get *MSP*
If you believe Modi and Corporates are the villains you will oppose the bills!
Taking the clips from al jazeera  and copy paste...not a smart move...firstly understand all the bills...then comment on it...educate yourself first...
Trevor, first of all its clear that you dont know.. your story is superficial and explanation is factually incorrect.. the Minimum Support Price will continue in the new law.. the farmers can sell their produce anywhere in India (is this the practice with US farmers too?)..the mandis, the middlemen now cannot confine the farmers.. hence it appears that it is more of affected middlemen and anti-national anarchists that are in play in the name of farmers.
25 states farmers accepted farm laws...but due to 3 states remaining states are going to suffer..how it become   success to farmers ...
I am proud of India,  that under the leadership  of  Narendra Modi .we are progressing . I have full faith in this govt . , I listened to this act actually during the loksabha session . 
Why not. President of India can not visit. Lakhimpur kehri and farmers family of murderd unlucky family? Is president of India has no right to visit this place or he dont want and thinking that it is not important .
If farmers are strong, things will change. 
the worst thing is that the farmers are basically not much educated so they follow their union leaders currently who are basically lapdog of opposition {research them what's their main source of incomes and net worth etc.}
Love your videos in general, but this one fails to address the key question that it itself raises...How can you justify MSPs for produce that India has in such large surplus? The answer is you can't, the free market in the end is the best known mechanism to bring prices to the reality of the true worth/need of the produce ( hence the price falls ). Without this, and with continued subsidization/support only unsustainable practices will ensue such as overuse of water, burning of fields that increase polution in delhi, and overuse of fertilizer that you yourself mention...Not a very balanced video, especially due to the fact that many liberal economists support the reforms...
Farm Bill 2020 explained with such clarity, great vdo
We support Narendra Modi only leaderships
Hopefully no more farmers will die on roads protesting.
Vox your interpretation of the first act is completely wrong, firstly the Mandis and MSP is not going away, they will continue to exist, so a farmer, if he "chooses" too can continue to sell his produce in the Mandis. But this amendment allows the farmer, again if he "chooses" too, to sell his produce directly to the corporations at a price agreed upon by both parties without having to pay any intermediaries, prices determined by supply and demand. If the farmer is not happy with the agreement, before signing the contract, he can go back to the Mandis. So at 05:07 when you say "Players in the regulated market are bound to move out"...those "players" are the farmers and "bound to move out" is them making the conscientious decision to sell directly to the corporations, again by there own volition. If the Mandis are beneficial they will continue to exist if not they will vanish, that is how life works.
Thank you for your time and great efforts. I like the Open Market and let Market decide the price like we have in Stock any one can buy any business trade in NSE or BSE. Create more competition let middle man or States Government play in the game APMC is great differentiator and MSP can be continued to offer by APMC. I totally get your point on improving the APMC but its politics and BJP Governments doesnt back from there.  Regarding Contract farming its not that bad, there are international organisation working with locals and that improve the life. Check apple get involved in mining industry, Minimum wage, child labour issues can be controlled and make corporate responsible. I think lets talk about the platform YouTube part of the Open Market we are using we are getting benefited from this platform. People like me getting benefit of your services, its a fair play I think. Essential commodity act I totally agree demand and supply control issue agree with your point. But the essential product like onion potato is perishables and cant keep but still APMC can take charge and offer Minimum price to farmers and state governments could potentially create cooperative societies selling. I agree one 100% some level of regulation as there is possibility to exploit so creating more awareness of APMC and the benefit will be a best way forward. It was great show and you should move in to politics and potentially you could contribute more there.  Great work  as always some point I like to meet with you and discuss this in more details
Modi ji, I stand with you, you are going to face the worst kind criticism today by your supporter, but I understand there are people (anti establishment brigade) funded by Chinese who just want to adhere the ongoing development in the garb of protest and FOE and want unrest in the country. For me national integrity comes first and Modiji I stand with you. 
Listen to the government and stop this chaos! Modi ji is trying to help farmers! jai modi jai kisan
Rules 2007 for implementing Model APMC Act 2003 to promote contract farming; persuaded states to implement it
Reforms were due for a long time as stated by many experts and even the opposition party and Farmers unions themselves in the past.! (They asked for similar reforms btw.)
Current bill will ruin farmers life along with India's major revenue i.e. agricultural land belonging to Amazon or Jio.
Farmers are the root for the nation
Not a BJP supporter at all but I feel this reform is good.
Jai kisan. Withdraw anti farmer laws at the earliest unconditionally. Permit farmers tractor rally.
MSP is need of every farmer, government should bring chances in new policy for profit of our laborious peasants!
These are not farmers, they are hooligans who does not have anything to do with farm laws. You have not given correct information. These are so called farmers are from only two states Punjab & Hariyana which account only 10- 15  of total farmers. The real farmers are working in the fields not hatching their ass on the borders to get only media attention.
Thanks  Modi, for helping showing/understand Punjabi culture to the world.
The farmers already have choices to sell thier goods to whomever they want... Only thing is that corporates wanted some legal documentation for them.. Thats why Modi government didn't even consult the farmers.. Only consulted corporations... Don't share this video....  Misleading..
We want farm bill back . How long will farmers  in India will remain under poverty and cruel old regressive system .Every sector of India has reformed but agriculture sector Has not seen a single ray of reform !!!!
dear #All , i consider people raging for farm bills as innocents in pain , please lets not hurt them any more ... iff #Tikait is right , he would have gone to supreme court to challenge the bills, he is running away because he is wrong ...
So competition is gud or bad for a customer also farmer can sell their products without any tention in corporate farming but they or their family members should increase their knowledge and govt should inform them bhodavalkarikkanam allengil choosham undaganum chance undu
This laws completely eliminate middle man. Farmers and consumers both win.
So this bill will not add value in farmers pocket as we learnt rather increase income of corporate (which is okay if both party are in WIN WIN situation), 
this victory of farmers is a proof that democracy is still alive  in india and its a blow to the govt. who thught they could crush this movement like the CAA one, but our farmers stood day and night in tough conditions to witness this day, my heart goes down for all those farmers who lost their loved ones in this fight against the govt. jai kisan jai jawan
Why is the presenter so one-sided in her opinion? The protests have been going on for 2+ years in reality, and India has been provoking, instigating, propagandising the farmers and this protest overall, so when you do that, how can you not expect this kind of response!? There's always two sides, and interestingly the BBC hasn't been covering this until this kind of response happened. Up to now it's been the LARGEST (I'm history) peaceful protest!
Such biased opinions are recorded and presented here. Most of the people who answered are mis-informed. First of all, farmers of Punjan and haryana do not represent farmers of entire India. Secondly, Laws have to be changed with changing times. You can expect laws of 1950s to justify financial conditions of govt now. Ask farmers to pay tax and I am fine with everything. Farmers are doing a job just like any other person. Farmers are not doing social service. Farmers should not be compared to Armed forces of India.
  And yes, the whole protest was largely baseless, anti-India, anti-govt. organizations were fueling these protests, it had very little to do with farm laws.
The protest are mostly from farmer's union and regional leaders who had profit of interest in apmc.
so beautifully covered the whole peaceful protest !!! support farmers!!!
   APMC  MSP        MSP  , ,          MSP                APMC      MSP      ?
I am a farmers daughter and we weren't protesting nor we wanted those laws to be taken back 
Mujhe kisan bill ko aur clarify krna h apne mind m.. That's why I'm watching, kl jo hua Delhi m wo bhut shameful act tha 
Its funny because farmer grow food for them instead respecting that they do this kinda crap it disgust me
Thank you for covering this.  3 Laws were taken back just because of elections in 5 states.  Still not guaranteed MSP. That farmers son is out on bail. More than 700 farmers died in that near to 1 year protest.
Even today, in  mandis it is mostly the private traders who buy , and there is no requirement they have to pay the MSP. Only FCI when doing procurement offers MSP in mandis. Allowing farmers to sell outside mandis only broadens the purchaser base and therefore reduces the vulnerability of farmer to the clutch of adatiyaas of the nearby mandi. Saying govt wants to close mandis and do away with MSP are baseless.  This is scare mongering the way CAA was depicted as a tool to disenfranchise muslim citizens. Logically why will any govt antagonise the farmers who constitute a huge number in our democracy, and are always identified for development schemes and anti poverty programs. Likewise contract farming is only made available as a choice. If the farmer is worried about contract, he doesn't have to do contract farming. And , if ever in future farmers come under distress bcos big big buyers, , would any government sit and watch? 
Still wanting the farmers to win! The cons of these laws can really destroy farming. Jay javaan jay kisaan 
I dont diagree with your views. However why not talk about solutions. Something that makes farmers more independent. Why not upskill them give them more authentic knowledge. Why not make a processing plants for a couple of villages together via FPCs? Why not demand more infra support limits and credits for FPCs? Help farmers become self sustainable and skilled! Why not give the farmers to the power to decide the rates at which they will sell their produce, their products. Why not become independent of chemical farming and promote farmers for pro nature farming? Not sure why but most people don't want to address things at the root level. Why Not?
2:57 putt kade punjab aa ethe kala kala Banda bhindra wale da fan hai . And also not to give this huge massacre ( created by modi )  an another irrelevant point .
Very painful to know about our Indian-Kisan-Farmers condition.
Respect harp farmers
So, please read all three bills as there are several more things mentioned in them and the Farmer of the Country might be innocent but not a fool and he understands all these three bills.
Why farmers r protesting?? This bill will benefit them..
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne...
Isn't ANY green revolution will push people away from farming? This literally happened to every country that industrialized. Of course fewer and fewer people would be needed to farm.
Last me bht achi line boli he apne direct farmers se kharide midl man systm ko khatm karna he
Even at time of 'Parali burning' they fine so quickly but whenever farmer's crop burn due to heat or any other factor not a single firebrigade team reaches there.
Stand with the farmers who feed us...not with the corporates that loot us.
Why media portraying things like farmers are protesting throw out india? Where as in reality protest is limited to two states.
First of all nowdays in india all news channel or youtube channel covering news in a particular point of view like pro modi or anti modi.
2- gujarat vale case me company court to gayi but puri country me unka kitna criticism hua or government or judiciary dono ne farmers ko support kiya tha so agar kabhi koi contract related issue aata bhi h farmers will be safe.
The point which I really liked is that today farmers are "PRICE TAKERS" , but by this new reform they are going to be "PRICE MAKERS".
Modis internet defenders spent months arguing his farm laws were genius and important. Now they look stupid 
Farm laws are to benefit the farmers in the long run
     These Nakli farmers have made a huge business loss  ,
It's really sounds good that they are giving our farmers an option, but won't it allow the Corporations to devise some way out to exploit our farmers ?
funny police man arguing all illogical .... farmers are talking truth and sense ... police will have to surrender this dictate
I think you should make it clear that the only ones that are protesting are the ones losing their free government money i.e. the rich farmers of Punjab and Haryana ( 3:22 ), and the commision taking middlemen.
Hi, when right now we have MSP, how did the farmers of bihar and Maharastra receive prives lower than MSP?
Which will not support their likelihood hence they turn over the city for there survival. Let to losses in small and microscale farmers and huge migration towards to city and jobs loss.
I somehow feel we as a society are beyond repair, as I know many so called educated people mocking farmers and every voice raising questions to this current regime.
700  Ki Mout ke Baad Andolzibi se Kisaan Ho gye. Jise hi UP ke Election Aye .
Beautiful documentary. Thank you for showing things the way they are. It shows the reality of the farmers and there strength. No Farmer No Food
God bless you all, it seems every Government in the world has become evil. We need farmers. Praying for all farmers everywhere!
hole indian  farmers to join  please formers dont give up
Im standing with these farmers, they dont have any weapons and they are suppressed by the modi government. Water cannons and tear gas should not be used...
Does government wants to talk to farmers? Yeah they do, only with barricades and barbed wire
Every farmer protest.......
IF U EAT FOOD THNK A   FARMER
You are absulity right. I support to kisan andolan..
The current bill is really good as it allows contract farming, removes middleman & allows food processing industry to grow which will give more job as well as value addition to the farm products, and these things are pretty common in other parts of world including USA. The current system is based on the decades old socialist system of controlled prices which curtails freedom of farmers to sell anywhere in India, this bill help farmer to discover the better price of his/her produce. 
Farmers  needs support please help n support farmers because they are totally depend upon their work please help farmers 
Yeah.. even though we in a democracy. Indian political parties trying to be a dictator. Without a doubt Modi has been the worst PM in indian history.
2. If every farmer would just grow MSP crops then any suggestions on problems that may create agricultural imbalance in the country and problems of the other non MSP crop farmers.
Farmers are the central pillers of India
This was a rich farmer's agitation. 
Great video!! Whats the difference between traders and agents who were in understanding with each to not buy products from farmers at specific price? you mentioned it in the flaws section
Farmers lost credibility, no one believes what these farmer leaders say after the all the mayhem that happened today
Thanks u bbc for sharing this valuable information about farmers protest this Modi government wants to sell their farming to private companies
okk so i am a daughter of a farmer and i know the ground reality !!
I request all the farmers that don't do protest because the government is so cruel...
So I still don't understand why the Punjab state farmers are protesting. Now it looks more like politcal agenda than a real protest as none of the rest 90% farmers of the country are protesting as they know these laws are in thier interest.
Jhukti hain sarkaren jhukane wala chahiye. Long live kissan andolan. Hats off to agitating farmers of Punjab, Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh.
I was eagerly waiting for this!! Cuz I knew it was coming! Glad that the farmers voice got heard
Ella dispute within farmers local place vech avanam ennum parayanund..
This guy is a farmer... 
this bill has many negative externalities and does not serve public good or the interest of the public. Infact, it encourages monopolization of perfectly competitive markets, which naturally leads to inefficiencies. and discourages innovation.. thats why in most countries monopolies are illegal...not sure why India is stepping away from free markets to a monopolized system?
After chiding India for not repealing the farm laws, the West is now trying to say why the farm laws are necessary
A realistic credit system and a sustained crop insurance system available to farmers that reduces impact of fluctuations. 
if their food prices go up for this, thats good for bangladeshi farmaers. since BD is already full with imported indian crops
Hey Trevor  the bill is good for farmers not for the Mafia which were in our Indian system so the people who are protesting majority are misinformed  I'm Indian i live in India so don't spread misinformation.
Rakesh tiket making alot of money from these protests. And he is coming in a political party.
Sarkar is beating the farmers by sending his goons with the police
Feeling so sorry for our farmers
Along with farmers, 3 bjp workers and 1 journolist also died. PG dosen't want justice for them???
See the hospitality of farmers.."Khaa ke jaana hai " 
Just my opinion, legalizing MSPs may distort demand-supply curve. We are surplus in few crops (from domestic consumption pt. of view, as well as there is no export demand at the price we produce), and coz of tradition farmers do not want to change the cultivation pattern. A free market price incentivizes farmers for this change, whereas MSP will inhibit them.
Direct Benefit to Jio Mart, APMC will be Finished or will have no Worth and  So The MSP ; Each national Asset is  On sale Right now..!#
Why not regulating agriculture with MSP letting private players to buy atleast at that price? Govt. Says MSP will still remain, but think about it, they don't have an obligation to purchase at MSP. Govt can just deny that after private players enter the market just like what has happened in case of Bihar since 2006. Farmers will have to accept the price quoted by pvt players and that is the main concern of this bill.
No body trust him or his government, even after announcement farmers do not believe him till actual cancellation in parliament.
New rule of indian govt would have solved the problem of monoculture in punjab... but the opposition political parties and farmers themselves were soo shortsighted and they together dig their own grave even bigger....!!... its true education and rationality is must for a society
I don't know why but this will prove to a boon for farmers!
kejriwal Sir app wohi the jo yahi farm laws ko Punjab ke elction ke time manifesto me daale the
Still supporting the bill. Not Indian farmers just Punjab political activist not farmer.
The one who forgives farmers loans
If current condition of farmer is so bad..
Hindu and Sikhs jat won but farmers lost
Fear of losing election in UP,  Punjab and other state results are visible now,  and loosing election will give cheaper petrol and diesel prices.
This guy always goes against modi.... Pure agenda.... 
Farmers have not been killed by police or in encounter.Old farmers were brought to the border and died due to illness and declared martyrs.
Arrested Ashish to show the people of India, but everyone knows that he will not be punished because the entire BJP government is behind him, he is being served in jail, he is the son of the minister, not a common man.
farmers have always been free to sell their goods to anyone anywhere in the country only middle man and traders had restriction on movement of produce to different states a farmer never had such restriction but new bill has no such restrictions on corporate/private buyers who will buy directly from farmers, The anti hoarding laws don't apply anymore in the new acts....This is a serious danger for a few years companies will pay good price but later there is nothing stopping them from forcing farmers to sell at whatever price they demand and hoarding to artificially inflate prices for end users these loopholes need to be plugged immediately....
These laws would have benefitted 95% of farmers in India. These rich farmers in Punjab and middlemen for their selfish motives scuttled this reform.
Now farmers are protesting in Punjab, but NDTV not showing anything regarding that, I don't see any clip of them, why so?? Is it sign of biased? But yes no media is fair we understand!!
Indian farmers can fight for their own rights and don't need propaganda media like bbc. I urge bbc to travel to Pakistan and find out how many people and families have lost their lives, dignity and property to Pakistan army since 1947 and let your favorite leader Sadiq khan know about it. Please also tell us when will radical islamists in Pakistan release our brave sikhni jagjit kaur who's been persecuted and kept in Pakistan since over a year.
#standWithFarmers.
Upper Caste farmers won Lower Caste farmers lost If India is a Castist Country why did western media forget to mention that, new 3 Indian farm laws reforms could have revolutionized Indian Agriculture Industry and uplifted poor Indian farmers, I hope Canada's Truckers protest Engulf America too...Face the karma...My support to Truckers Protest...
You talk of msp, hardly 8 % get msp,,rest get half prices then what's the benefits of having an msp just in documents..
This guy's explanation is not adding up. He is saying large farmers will be benefitted. Then why are large farmers protesting? The small farmers are not protesting. Farmers from states other than Punjab are not protesting. Farmers from Bihar and Maharashtra are actually happy. Farmers from Haryana have also given a formal letter of support to the bill. It's not adding up.
Not just farmers: the proliteriat in general. But does the liberal media care? No, because it isn't about slogans. It is about real change.
well sone modi ji amrinder singh should join bjp now
Huge respect to my Indian farmers from Turkish farmers. Let me know guys if you need any support from us. Our government is playing the same game over here...
Thankyou dhruv rathee brother for engage the public toward farmer's problem.
Good for farmers and small Vegetable vendors,  Also the poor and middle class customers who is currently buying vegetables not less 100 rs kg.
Half info is not good... Did not expect this from Vox.... On one side you show farmers need reforms and when the govt bring in some of these you show only one side which is only feared ...Mandi's won't be destroyed and msp will stay ....this is part of capitalist approach of the govt and it's going to bring a change in the right direction....I hope you talk to more people on both side of an issue before making your next video
Election time ...after election new bill will come 
I totally get why so many farmers here are committing suicide: when you look closely at their situation suicide honestly seems like an option worth considering.
Proud of them .. They are not Farmers .. They are our Soldiers.. No other state of India can have this kind of courage to Protest ..
good for farmers now they can be happy because no reform now they can do sucide under debt
What's not being reported is that the only protests come from two states in India which have been the one only benefiting  from these Mandis for the last couple of decades. I grew up in the South, and there are equal propotion of farmers there, but, no one's complaining about these laws
Not whole of Indian farmers are protesting. Im a Indian farmer and I support new Indian farming laws. Only Punjabi farmers have a problem with new laws.
And I request to you finologist to please talk to a farmer before coming to  a decision. Dont consider farmers illiterate unless you are a bhakt. Thanks
I am feeling proud as a farmer son I am working in MNC but I did  full support to this agitation and we taught all Indians how to do protest in a proper way because our patience wins over Egoistic raja agay say sochkay bill banana otherwise this type of govt will face negative consequences jai jawan jai Kissan and we all are brothers up punjab haryana kerala Rajasthan tamilnadu Maharashtra Madhya Pradesh and all other states 
MSP is a highly inefficient mechanism and the prices are higher than market rates. Why should a tax payer pay more for a commodity to enable a rich farmer become richer through unfair means? And why should he be blackmailed for that?
Bjp through out from india
In this time, farmers have got success in India, the government has withdrawn all the three laws.
Sir I watched your video since long time but you tell me if farmer of mp will sell his grown in rajasthan so who gives his transprting cost
Wish I was a poor farmer like Tikait, just worth Rs 80 crores!.
The world needs to come together to support these farmers. Police brutality, human rights violations, poisonous capitalism. We need to wake up and help the Sikhs.
The real answer is that Small farmers should be united in several FPO's( Farmers Producers Organization) which will help them to increase their bargaining power and eventually lead to prosperity.
I have watched full video and understand that acts are good and need changes as sir said but i think they're soo complicated if a farmer did one mistake he will loose 1 crop income or 5 year income . Acts should be simple and agreement should not be on " MAY " government should put in "WILL" . Rest is depend on farmers. 
4. Or may be farmers from other states don't hv the means to protest n only the protesting states hv the guts, grit n grip to protest.
U love farmers. We respect their sacrifice for us.
Was against the laws, but I must say,( being from a farmer family), that crop prices really rose during all this. God knows ki ab rate gir jaayenge shayad.
Mark my word now caa protest will start and these so called farmers join CAA protest then they also demand Repeal article 370 and 35 A as they asked arvind Kejriwal what is their views on article 370 and he replied perfectly to those so called farmers
Thanks for talking about farmers 
1.4 billion, half of the workforce is agricultural... please mention that these protests are only from Punjab Haryana. Not from the entire country
Thanks for supporting our farmers brother.  god bless bless you keep it up 
We support farmers.
Democracy is in danger....It is time for ppl to come out support farmers...and start  
This is actually a great video where you are telling the truth of both sides. Mandi is not perfect concept as well as this three bills. I think Amul example is a perfect example that how they unite dairy farmers and work together.
Great decision! Thanks to the farmers protesting for their rights  A country where farmers flourish, will achieve win over poverty and hunger.
If Indian government is so much serious about our farmers then they must create an online portal for auction of farmer's produce. Why should the farmers roam around like a lost soul. They can list all the produces with grades and start the auction under their supervision.
In all developed countries (democratic or not), governments all provide huge subsidies to their own farmers. Farmers are a country's backbone and national treasure, only India treat them as burden and trouble.
Deep condolences to that car incident in Lakhmipur Kheri , Rip those brave farmer's !!
2nd bill is insane. There are sellers available as farmers but what about buyers. Is there enough buyers available for every farmer.
Now, since Modi government has touched Agriculture, all one can do is Pray that God save Indian Agriculture from going down like this government has done with every other sector of Indian economy.
Fear of BJP fate in up has made the struggle of the farmers successful inspite of so many ranouts and godi media in any form has enlightened the leaders of RSS. Your video is the best of the video for jai kisan andholan
It seems that today is the best day of our life . Victory of farmers and Parkash Utsav of Sri Guru Nanak Dev Ji. But still I won't vote for BJP for experienced us _Achhe Din_
Firstly, in the video shared by your beloved Priyanka Gandhi, you can clearly see that the wind shield of the car was already broken. This is enough to prove that the car was attacked first by your so called "Farmers". Because of this, the driver lost the control of the steering which led to this incident. Now, if you want to argue saying that the driver did not lose control, let me tell you, any sensible person would definitely try to save his life from this mob of thousands of goons. And while doing so, if he has to accelerate his vehicle, I don't think he is wrong. I am sure you would have done the same thing if you were surrounded by such goons.
5) The next step for farmers is to brand their produce it is possible through cooperative society
Werent the Farmers given same respect as the army ? Then what is this ?
Support indian farmers
The problem with the mandis today is that they are so corrupt and manipulative that the officials literally take over a hundred kilos of farm produce alone for "sampling purposes", let alone the fact that the farmers have to pay other processing and transportation fee to the loaders. All of this is avoided by selling privately, as the firms not only pay for all of the services associated with loading and shipment, but also provide the farmers with their own seeds as per their requirements of quality. 
3 laws were forced 3 laws were repealed and so many farmars died.
One the best ground reporting a channel has given.... Facts, humour, talking with farmers.... Everything at it's best 
You can't become an expert in how Indian Agriculture works by just reading the new bills that were passed. To know the pain of the farmer you have to speak to the farmers and know the situation. Watch this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ho0myzQbsQ4 to know the concerns of the Farmers of Punjab and Bihar. Why the farmers of Bihar have been flocking to Punjab to work and how the agriculture has been destroyed by eliminating the mandis. We can't sit on our chair in an AC room, google a few things, read a few papers, and come to a conclusion. Nobody likes to leave their homes and spend the whole day and night on the road for weeks or maybe months.
As a son of farmer. I support farmer sitting in cold.god help u.
We will always remember the movement #farmersprotest #haryana #punjab #kisaan
2.The people who are protesting are NOT farmers, they are mostly the 'middlemen' who exploit the farmers by not paying them a good price
This is not only open Harassment of farmers but also injustice towards every citizen of India who is being kept in darkness
BJP is doing wrong this time in this case. I am loosing trust from BJP. If someone do in AAP he will definitely take resign by arvind kejriwal.
Goosebumps at 0:51. Jo Bole So Nihal, Sat Sri Akal . Jai Hind. Bas mere pyare Sikh bhaiya naal yhi ardaas hai..kisi political party k behkawe me mat aana aur na hi violence karni h. Love from Haryana. Was a modi/bjp supporter earlier but this kisan movement opened my eyes.
People are talking that no shops were burnt ,no stores looted ...so i will just say one thing , go to indian penal fir sections and check how many complaints have been filed of rapes by these so called farmers(which the are not).....they are even raping memebers of their own organisation....
what a wrong narrative! Kudos to u bro. This bill nothing against farmer. We are doing all of this here in pondicherry and Thamizhnadu. Simply explains ur cheap politics and mandi mafias!!. small farmers here sell everything by themselves in the market! We have contract farming also and we are exporting to other countries. Shame on u, if someone believes u they must be stand in road because u r misleading
Here a student standing with farmer
Gujarat farmer more happy without  msp. We grow cotton. We get higher price. Punjab farmer should leave to growing wheat, rice. They should grow species, vegetables..
Entire Punjab and Haryana political structure is run on this agricultural cash flow  thru the middlemen, here the middleman are the politicians and Zamindars. 
So, introduce the MSP as a legal requirement and pass the bills as acts. Also, as a vital matter of law and order, crack down on all people and organisations who's motives involved the destabilisation of the economy as well as national security (both internal and against foreign actors). End of story.
Now farmers will suffer for next 70 years
and then they say why Punjabi's and Haryanvi's are going to canada and protesting againt indian government because they have felt two different nations two different ideologies...
No matter what happens donot take those laws back we from farmers of South India and east india have fought for this laws for years.
The details are inaccurate. Farmers are getting benefited from these new laws as middlemen who mostly were responsible for inflated prices, hoarding etc. are getting eliminated. The farmers protest may in fact just be a front for political Vendetta. It is as simple as that.
What kind of International Image...Modi is creating for India...Time for Change..
Support farmers 
This entire video focuses on how the opposition is trying to play politics by standing for the farmers who are protesting for their rights, instead of focusing on the 8 people who were brutally killed by the son of a minister who is in power!
Alll credit goes to our farmers 
We Indians can't incorporate the same system as in the USA, USA was an industrialised nation that took up farming but India is a farming community since thousands of years who took up industrialization later on. Their roots are industrialists our are farmers. We need to strengthen our roots
Great spirit of Farmers 
Donate to KHALSA AID to support the protest. They are providing all kind of service to all the farmers in the protest selflessly
Wow sir ......but sorry to say.....that some people didn't read  properly former bill because there was provision to sell our crops outside Mandi......but sir when private players will come in this field....they will always taget high profit... Due to Mass availability of crops... These rates will drastically decrease... Sir you can imagine, without implementation of MSP, formers will have to face injustice.......There should have a proper solution that MSP should be added in these law.......not only verbal assurance of MSP......... THANKS YOU SIR
Adding Sir In Punjab and Haryana getting MSP on Paddy and Wheat +70% farmers.
Why not message MSP everday & every way to farmers  if lack of awareness is the problem
At the end of the day the lower food prices will be good for almost everyone in India who isnt a farmer.
3.govt official said farmers are free to sell their produce anywhere (no map assured) and what is the procedure is govt going to give transport cost and labour.
Brother contact direct farmers and do some research with farmers and u will come to know ground reality
Indians stands with farmers
..and they said farmer is the soul of India...and now so much pain is being inflicted on that soul..
But Now Some Kishan are trying to Politics with Tukde Tude Gank.  Just like shows Destroy Hindusthan. PM Modiji Jindabad
Litigation. ..SDM will mediate between farmer and purchaser. I being a purchaser will stop payment of Rs.10k. SDM will mediate at Rs8K. I will accept because I have taken goods worth 10k and after mediation gave 8k. Farmer will be at loss. If mediation stays at 10k then where will be the interest for 3 months. Sir...pls think in these lines only because I am the dishonest purchaser.
one of the best videos on farm bill.....may this video be watched  by whole india  ,so that the three bills be passed...thank you vikas sir for educating india and creating  social awareness..
were farmers not allowed to sell outside the mandi earlier? I knew they were free earlier as well.
For Greta fans There have been tons of studies on adverse environmental impact and unsustainablity of subsidized farming in 3 protesting states. Sign of times to come...with Trump gone she dumped science to make a quick buck. Science is important when you support opposition 
Finally so happy for the farmers...good example set by the farmers leader for upcoming generation..dont scared ..fight for their rights
- why does these farmers really want? (Their some conditions will negatively impact the farmers of other state)...
Without farmers no food .
I support farmers protest for the sustainability of future generations.
Well if youre willing to buy food from big fancy grocery stores instead of redis.. then go ahead support the bills and pay for the prices theyll set. 
Sir in contract farming I had heard about this that if factory which did the contract with any farmers neglect to buy the product produced by farmers then in this case farmer have no right to do file any case against that factory?? Or company? 
APMC sucks... But these bills are not good enough too.... Government propose something nice to farmers but government has  to ameliorate it ..
Kisano ke aandolan ka doosra din...sham on Zee News... Atleast report right information...
Long live the Farmers Movement!
Nobody is removing APMCs or MSP. 
All farmers are not against this law ..this people are anti nationals
Power to the beautiful people of India ! Keep fighting against globalist greed and tyranny
My late grandpa was a farmer . Now no one of my family is directly related to farming but if smday if govt. Forcefully implement this 3 policies then we will be also under this wave . He is right .
Only former s from Punjab and hariyana protesting... But others states formers are supporting this bill, even Kerala govt is opposing but they don't have apmc ......
Victory for farmers jai kissan morcha but its bjp election gimmick
The laws may be repealed but they can be brought back with a few changes, so the time frame must also be fixed,. this may be a trick to break up the agitation, so it should continue until the farmers are fully satisfied
And support farmers who want MSP and money
What economic growth he is talking about????? Currept Modi regime was torturing poor civilians in all area of development, this is a victory over Evil regime, farmers made a remarkable history, will remember vin years
But no one is ready to admit the truth that the central government had no constitutional rights to make these rules for the raw agricultural products and the government had to temper with the constitution during the Corona lockdown period in order to make these rules. Rules were made without using proper procedures and discussions with the farmers representatives and the opposition party leaders. And the government implemented the rules in a hurry taking advantage of the Corona lockdown period.
These people who are trying maligning farmers protest are actually those who strip their pants in front of govt. and say....Huzur tussi great ho tofa kabul karo
Absence of any regulation in non-APMC mandis: Another issue that is raised by the farmers is that the proposed bills give the preference for corporate interests at the cost of farmers interests.
You made an assumption that farmers are getting the fair price from the middlemen. Any data to back it up?
Good explanation, thank you. In the short run there may be fluctuation in price, in the medium to long term, like in any business high profits will bring in more players and competitors driving down price. In the end government support in the form of subsidy is money public money too.  Less government and more governance should also lead to less taxes.
India's  largest  Rich Farmers  and middle men Protest .Don't  ever call my Country  POOR
Also many people are commenting on how this bill will take away there right to go to court in case of dispute but the truth is this bill provides a proper legal framework that is being created to protect the farmers of India and not the big private companies....
2. Govt promise to farmer before the harvest that this is "minimum price " we will give you , apmc is a govt monopolised mandis where kisan himself go via his own transport cost to sell that crop and gets that minimum announced price
As habituated by greed, most of the farmers will sell only to corporates and most of consumers will buy only from corporates. 
Fair point. India is a democracy and their right to protest is inalienable regardless of what anyone thinks. But in protests in US, can you block all incoming & outgoing traffic into the capital city I. E. Hold the capital city and its inhabitants hostage?im curious to understand how an acceptable response would be in the liberal ecosystem? these "farmer protests" have another angle that they don't talk about. Religious secessionist/terrorist funding from Canada (you heard that right - the Khalistanis in Canada conducted the largest terror attack prior to 9/11) + communists (left wing terrorists - - Naxalites have their recruitments in campuses in India, have joined in). Anyone who puts truth over propaganda & agenda, pls read who all are pushing these protests. Truth is all that matters.
LOVE FROM PAKISTAN!! and I really like the way sikh kisaan doing peaceful protest And best thing is they are very well organised community throughout food,  medical Langar sleeping areas.  Best of luck kisaan modi should take his decision back soon.
Hail farmers . 100% farmers will win.
Can we forget the tragic cultivation of 'Vanila'. Before spreading the cultivation they gave high amount and once the Vanilla spread all over they simply reduced the price. Same way happened for Cocoa. Vanilla and Cocoa are very much important for Ice cream and Chocolate. The matter of Rubber also.The companies are cheating the farmers. Actually who are the lawmakers? Majority are businessmen or company owners or shareholders. They make laws according their profits. Farmers are not organized. That is why they are ignoring them.
     .       .  corporate farming  try . Pepsico      .      specification      .      .    .    .     .  open market .  states (  MP  Jharkhand    ) open market   .  BJP  states   .       state  . BJP    BJP  states    contract farming  open market        .
And I also think govt have to participate in this and msp is quite good too as it helps from exploitation unless govt by own exploit it but in that case we can raise voice much louder against govt rather than private companies with no rules.
Very strong opinion against BJP govt but how come they wins the election all the time. It doesn't make any sense.
This decision is because BJP will lose elections in 5 states .BJP'S arrogance will not win them elections. Many farmers were striking day and night  many bitten by police,Farmers killed by BJP MP son in UP no action. But now this decision is too late.What about the pain and sufferings of Farmers. Jai kisan
save india save indian  culture by supporting framer  protesting for msp
Corona k dr se CAA k protesters ne protest krna bnd kr diya tha. Lakin Kisano() ne Corona,srdi, grmi, barish, bhookh, pyaas, laathi, dnde sb jhelte hue apna protest jari rkha. At the end govt. ko Farm bill vaps lene hi pde. bht Khushi feel ho rhi h. 
At the same time the fact is that the people are all on the side of the farmers
They actually think they can win against the Singhs who are the backbone of there military...These farmers will tear them apart!
1) this will reduce sucide of farmers
Really expecting for alot more support from the world, because these farmers are worthy of their basic rights.
All this new reformation is not to help farmers but to help corporate such as reliance 
Pahele to government ko ye check karna chahiye ki wahan exactly kitne real farmers hai.
I support Farmers by not voting for BJP.
We should stand by farmers
Thank you brother half of my family members are farmers , my grand father is still a farmer 
The only concern is addition of MSP with private firm . And stockings of basic commodities.
They are farmer's not criminal... Respect theem
Common people should go against the govt. Since all democratic ways not working with this govt. Brutal of haryana govt. Who blocking the gateway to delhi
And this is how Indian showed gratitude to Punjabis for giving 80% heads for freedom. Then they say Punjabis are terrorists if they ask for their rights.
Beautiful coverage, i am farmer but i love my india i hope goverment and farmers reach a truce fast. Love from tamil nadu
There are paid people, not real farmers. Now everyone should punished.
 Taiwan will always stand with India against China/the CCP , oppose the CCP on the Sino-Indian border, and oppose the CCP's suppression of Tibet, Xinjiang, Uyghurs, and Hong Kong people
Excellent explanation. many of us taking a stand either supporting or criticizing even Without understanding these bills. I support the agitating farmers.
MSP is the first right of farmers 
RIP Small & poor Farmers
Farmers are important they give us food
If the Farmers decided to stay poor, Let them be.. Who cares?? Let the status quo get maintained and people like Rakesh Tikait enjoy luxurious life 
It's we saying you must know the full  picture of farmer protest before comment on it
Third point no tax on farmers produce supply if he is selling it out from mandi and even can sell everywhere in India.
I just wish that I get exploited like HIMACHAL PRADESH'S farmers ... I also wanna buy kilos of gold after apple season......i also want that my children get into drugs because of money abundance at home .....I also want my children to crash kia seltos and get a new car next day ....i want adani to exploit me ....i want to be Himachal Pradesh's farmer
It is a good act passed the farmers are been misguided
also government does not want to do this because  Jio and big companies give them election  funding  and BJP to remain in power will not impose restriction on big companies.
Good video... Showed both sides of the coin... Good thing is that atleast farmers concerns are being discussed now... Hope something positive comes out of it..
Police should help farmers.  Farmers are LIFELINE.for everyone's survival. We all do fine without politicians, 
1.	Ola Example: Your explanation is perfect if we assume that a farmer is going to produce X crop only forever, for example, tomato forever then he is certainly going to get impacted. Being an Ola driver is very different than being a farmer. For buying a car for taxi service you need as low as 3- 4 lacs and the supply of a taxi car is unlimited, but this is not the case with farmland. So, a farmer is going to cycle his/her crops according to the market demand whereas an Ola taxi can only be used as a taxi, and it cannot be converted into a loading vehicle and then back to a taxi. 
 Our Farmer is Real Hero's....
Ambani owns Modi like a dog. Sikh farmers are the patriots here.
You explained the situation in case of Punjab and Haryana farmers but overlooked the other wheat and rice growing states and the quality of these crops which Govt has to procure is not exportable too. Good video but it overlooks so many other points which we can not overlook if farmer's and farming conditions in India has to improve. Farmer's health, use of chemicals in farming, day by day depleting and polluting water table and farmers growing only few types of crops which brings less price because all are growing same crops. Plz make another video keeping in mind all those aspects too.
But I still don't get it. It finally boils down to which choice a farmer makes, right?
I think, FSP is a great suggestion and should be added to the farm bill.
Did you even read the farm laws? Do you even know that the people who are protesting in India are rich middlemen who take commission from small farmers. Do you know that the laws actually prohibits large corporate companies from monopolising agriculture industry in India.  Farmers do not have to pay any tax but now the commission agents will have to pay. Hence this protest. By the way...only 2 states are protesting...all the farmers in other states of India are not.So I conclude....You know nothin' Jon Snow!!!
WE WON Long live farmers unity
These laws where excellent but the farmers are not so much educated to understand it thats why some people where able to misled them.
If the corporate reduce the price of goods bought from farmer, due to so called "bad quality", will that price be treated as a base price? Suppose the corporate give Rs. 20 to farmer, and if the price goes more than 30, govt will interfere?  How will it be regulated and who would be accountable?
Both of you should give your money to those farmers.They will not protest.if nothing beneficial happens then also you two will have to take credit for misinformation to indians.so just wait and watch that this bill is beneficial or not
Farmers must boycott nihang sikhs as they are chopping innocent people
HIGH   COT. KA. JAJ.  AAGAR.  JAMANAT.  NAHI. DAEGAA.  TOO.  RSS. BJP.  MODE. JAJ. KA. PURA   PAREBAR. CO.  JANSAE.  MAR  DAEGAA.  DARKE. MAREE.   JAMANATH.  DEYA.
Congratulations to all farmers!!!....So happy for you..
6 states are supporting the new farm law only Punjab qnd haryana farmers are protesting. Other states are supporting. Its because most of panjab tax comes from farm market.
In your video you gave example of McDonald's. In your comment you write about commercial  farming .now you tell me how many mcdonald are in india and how many farmers are india. If we talk about the consumption of tomamto at mcdonald then i want to tell you they are pitting only two slices of tomato in one burger.for whole they are just consuming 7 to 8 kg of tomatoes.now think how many farmers can grow tomatoes. This bill totally ruin farmers.
more than 2 lakh tractors are there, is any kind of theft take place, is any vehicle burned , any local citizen harmed?answer is no. Our godi media dont see positive things but they want to destroy the protest as they are taking all negativity in there news.
 and rest of Indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell 
Finally India today trying to shed godi media tag
Farmers needs the assurance from goverment. Modi government is in favour of private players. 
Who said farmers can't sell anywhere? They can. Secondly, the middlemen pick up the produce from the farmer's doorstep! Many false information to fool people!
Because farmer of Punjab doesn't want to do hard work, they just want to stay stagnant or run away to Overseas for apparently good life
70 farmers lost their lives till now, only intention of our current government is to make their corporate friends rich and common people suffer . Due unorganised lockdown on  22 March 2020 onwards is the major disaster for the citizens of India. Modi already sold most government company to his friends. But modi forgot farming is not a business for farmers it's a religion not for only farmers for all them who eat food today. 
Bahot bakarchodi ho Gaya Sabko saza do jo involved hai or ye jo nakli farmer bane hue hai road block Kar rahe hai inko bhe hatao action lo
let me ask you guys a question who are supporting BJP 
Good good go ahead otherwise farmers in india will die so go forward and seal parliament teach the nethajis what is the real condition of farming in India
It's not just the laws, the people have lost trust in the government. Why they passed the laws in such undemocratic way in the first place, Why they didn't talk to farmers while they were protesting for past 2 months in Punjab, there are a lot of questions. It's not as simple.
WE KNOW TODAY WE ARE HELPLESS, JOBLESS, ONLY FARMERS CAN HELP INDIA THESE DAYS, AND PEOPLE, WE WANT LESS PRICE VETETABLES, FOODS, ETC, PLZ DO NOT SUFFER THEM, HELP THEM, THEY WILL HELP ALL INDIA
Cover our real real heroes Farmer's protest more and more please 
East india company once again supported by sooryworker.
We are living beautiful life only for farmers
Initially, I have so much respect for the farmers and their peaceful protest. But now they lost it. Who gave them the power to break government properties, especially the Delhi state government buses by showing stunts in the tractor.  Secondly, the flag symbolizes the Sikh religion rather than a farmer protest. If they are eager to host a flag in Red fort, they can make the Indian farmer logo with it. We all know that the Indian flag is above all. Whether you are a common man or a protestor, you don't have any right to disobey our flag which is a criminal offense. At last one thing, I can say, they lost the sympathy.
The bill was intended for a greater good and for letting farmers get their fair bit of share by open sales and not restricted to mandis. A kind of win - win situation. However the fear is, the gaint companies who will offer to buy their goods are going to impose laws and regulations which will go against the common good of farmers and eventually they will start losing their inheritance on their assets. Moreover the law will allow third party mass buyers to decide the rate and in due competence farmers will be compelled to sell at lower price than their profitable prices. Even i thought bill was good..later on hearing multiple agendas and possibilities i reside against it.
I need some help: Is Center allowing both verbal and written contracts between farmers n agro-companies.
Bjp sarkar me hatya hui to ye pehle bhi ho sakta tha up election or states election aane per hi kyu hua
FREE KHALISTAN FREE Kashmir love from Blochistan Pakistan
Several of our brothers were killed today in an act that shows the evil that is gripping india though modishah government.
And people might be thinking that these farmers represents the whole country so no way..they only represents only their part of issues...
Because in india other than punjab no other state is protesting
You forgot to mention that farmer will not decide the sale price as always happened in the past. In the end farmer and consumer will be at loss, while corporate profits will skyrocket because they have infrastructure and laws in their favour to make the artificial demand.
Also the farmers in punjab can't afford to maintain the already existing storage plants even the electricity bill is 20 lac/month in some cold storage plants
I am son of small farmer and i support protest but i promise you none of them gonna return to india they are just show off in foreign countries . I only respect punjabi who still in india not fake punjabi who flee the punjab.
Kisaan bhi khush, opposition ka pakka pakaya khel bhi khtm, aur election baad chhote chhote amendments se all three laws would be back in modified forms. 
Sir I am from West Bengal ,, Every year farmers have suffered in potato selling to the market ,winter is the appropriate season for potato cultivation .Every year farmers protested to buy their products and suffering a heavy loss to sell in not appropriate price .But in that time of year in  August-september - October months , the price of potato is going to much more high 5 times,6 times more the farmer selling price .we are trouble in every year in those times .And potato is very highly demanded vegetables in west Bengal in Durga Puja festival and all time in the year .sir plzzz if you read this comment ,,plzz make a vedio about it ....Thank you sir .Jai Hind .
Today I Mourn for my Hardworking GUJRAT Farmers..that were waiting for these Reforms to get Implemented. Today I die. 
technology and genetically modified seeds increase supply, demand stays the same. Price goes down. Farmers make less money. result is that farmers leave the industry. Thats economics. good for the consumer.      marijuana growers are having this same problem in the U.S.
my suport farmers
Farmers had sacrificed their comfort of home and protested ,their perseverance has paid.
World great leader Modi Ji
Ye dekho BBC pehle bola why farmers bill are bad ab dikha rahe hain why de are important,wah re BBC walo aacha khel gaye
Sir a farmer at the now 75%
 These are just cons of APMC but there's no review of the current law i.e the new farm laws 2020.. Pro technique of fooling people.
APMC is a flawed system and we have to move forward and protect our farmers and improve their condition to promote agriculture. New laws are having lot of advantages for farmers and we should support government to pass it. No matter which party is ruling. For political benefits it is being used now which is very sad. 
The video is very misleading when talking about farmer protests and subtle burning. The whole point of this video is making Punjab's farmers look like the victims of system but fails to mentions that they were protesting in Delhi to defend that same system. There was no crack down on their protest. Weird how western media don't call crackdown on Canadian protests a crackdown. If there was a crackdown in farmers protests than what happening in Canada is martial law.
Thanks for supporting farmers in this whole journey and showing the truth to the nation 
Farm loosing income. Very bad decision for farmers.
So basically the Modi has set new laws to which the farmers disagree with, those new laws restrict farmers from making money meaning they cant live their normal life.They cant pay the bills or put money on the table family so of course they start to protest. Not only farmers but the whole world is protesting. No farmers no food 
being a women kangana is fixing her price himself.while its to costly for kangana.NDA&bjp pati patni maaaur bete ko amne samne khara karane ki old habit hai
I saw this video in october- Nov period first, and still now it is same. Where is clause that if rain or whatever be reason crop is destroyed, contract maker still needs to pay to farmer?? Where is analysis of current model where in rich Arthiyas buy cheap and sell at higher price? Again land is not going to be part of lien if farmers fails to keep promise, where is that discussed in video. Please update this video with current information
This is a big win for the farmers, after almost a year of protest and 700 deaths, the government was forced to scrap the farm laws.
Prime example of when you give too much power to your government they will turn against you . The goverment of india , the indian media along with ambani and adani has turned against the people of india and they will use full force to get there way. ( Believe Me )
Ma'am with all due respect! I think a farmer can sell his produce outside the mandi or in any other state. Correct me if I'm wrong.
So you are saying that it shouldn't be farmers protesting, It should be me out there. To increase farmers income they bought produce at 1.5 MSP and now bringing in big companies to make farmers earn even more, nice. But at what cost? We are already paying for new office where our leaders would cancel winter session just because unki fat rahi hai corona se, elections are held during a pandemic because only leaders life matter, Janta Jaye Bhad me. We paid 3000 crores for a tourist spot, which is not going to pay for itself before 40 years, let alone giving profits. Capitalism baby, capitalism.
Congratulations to all  Kishan Brothers and sisters and  Sriman  Rakesh Tiket ji ko.
please read the laws they are good for farmers in india
A side note, the son of a minister who killed multiple farmers with his car was granted a bail.Thats Indian justice system for you
We human beings can not survive without food even for one day,farmers r the most important persons on this s earth ,so maximum benefits must be given to them
The point of Mandi being a death trap is valid.. but problem is that in Mandi govt only purchase weat and rice on msp. And the other food items are not included and the transportation expense to selling in Mandi is most of the time more expensive than the crop sold. Make it legal.. 
Hurting the farmers? How? Ask us one question we cant answer: Nirmala Sitharaman, Yes, but you also need to get answers right.
3. Even if the MSP was being removed, only 6% farmers would actually be affected and hence protest. Do the large number of farmers being seen at the farmer protests account for only 6% of all Indian farmers and how come only from Punjab n haryana?
Thanks a lot for sharing this information in a very simple waysupport farmers
Rakesh tikait . He is the bravest man of India. TIKAIT IS THE REAL HERO OF INDIA. 
But you didn't say what happens to the farmers if the farm laws are adopted.
First one is good, in first two to three years there will be huge fluctuations in price but after that due to huge improvement of storage facilities in country, farm products don't get wasted. And inturn these will lead to stable prices.
 But well as u are on a mission to side with Sikhs not for their cause but ur own bad community. Basically u are  a rotten piece  who does not like BJP and modi ji and always usher bad words . Basically jo khud ke liye kuch nahin kar sakta  wo duniya aur desh  ke liye kya karega. 
These laws are taken back not because Government care for farmers....this is because upcoming elections in UP, Punjab, Uttarakhand etc....
Indian Farmers zindabad..very very sad to watch this andolan..our own Farmers treated like foreigners...very touching..
But 'India Speaks' you tube channel seems to be of RSS content.
Very big fan of your work Mr.Trevor Noah but little disappointed with your half research on farmers protest in India. You didn't mention anything about why Govt of India is introducing these laws? What are the advantages/disadvantages for farmers if these laws are introduced/takenout
- Do Indian farmers need structural reforms in agricultural sector?
With rising input costs, farmers do not see the free market based framework providing them remunerative prices.
They will open the Daily basis Rates of all Farm Produce just like Monopoly of other items in india
Please guys help farmers on Twitter and  make everyone understands what the issue is and please support farmers...they are growing food so we eat....
Now india having highest suicide rate of farmers in world. 
I don't understand him, is he a farmer or a carporate ????? he don't have any idea about farmers nor farming. He is seating in is ac office and talking nonsense
Thank you, Dhruv Rathee. We face a lot of comments till this time, where people especially Hindus were abusing us and trying to break us by saying terrorists or khalistani but at the same time, we have some support from Real Hindus and Muslims who really wants to help us even doesn't care about their lives. I really admire your videos and the way you say truth and enlightenment the dark side of people's minds. And I also want to Thank you to other those who really support us il the time, I don't know whether we will get MSP or not but I really appreciate the time of that Hindus and Muslims who stand for us without hoping for anything in return.
Private contracts will eventually bring a competitor and farmers will have a choice to whom he wants to sell and to whom not. If you are not getting MSP in the private contract you can go for APMC's
Modi ji kya karenge jo karna hai tumhe karna hai. Just eliminate your Brother and see how the Indian politics will change overnight..
Well the farmers stopped at the barricade but police started to fire tear gases then all starts to happen....
All are concerned only consumer, not farmers.
Brother please support farmers 
Not only farmers are suffering in India but youngsters are suffering too.
As a comedian yourself, you could also talk about Munawar Faruqui, an Indian Muslim comedian who was jailed for a joke he never said AND his friend, just for video taping him. A member of parliament in India, Mahua Moitra, brought this up in a parliamentary speech against the oppression of Indian democracy a few days ago. Your painting a rosy picture of India as a working democracy. It is not. India is a failing democracy that is slipping into 1930s Germany quickly. India now is an example of what could happen to the US if extremist organizations are not rooted out now. If they are allowed to fester, minorities will pay the price in the future, just as they are in India now.
Modi lose the match against the farmers...
Farmers with weapons they should be jailed
But the Corporates r not bound with any responsibility towards farmers...So the'll buy crops in a price as less as possible...
Tikayat is only true leader of farmer
Indian people tried for BJP leader mafia modi mafia BJP leader sealing India
i support the farmers because govt violated the principles of " parliamentary form of govt"..without discussing the bills with all stakeholders including oppositions and farm leaders...and passed these bills with "voice votes". and i am farmer from baghpat(UP)..mahri ganno(sugarcane)  ki payment nai milti 1 saal tak..ar rate 3 saal te 325/quintal hi h aaj lo despite inflation rate is very high including raw materials. just implement the recommendations of Swaminathan report. Atleast dont labell us terrorists, tukde tukde etc..please...just do live  debate with us..jai hind jai jawan jai kisan
I always like you lallantop nd ndtv .thanks for showing the truth again  unlike godi media shame on other media's like zee news abp news and others
Targeting Congress Mainly and SP, BSP,TMC,AAP
Farmers don't have sours to transfer produse.
Don't call farmers.
All farmers doing their work on fields what they are doing their they dont have crop....
To the publication group, and anyone reading this from Scoop Whoop, I know that Samdish Bhatia is in centre of politics. He is not a Right Wing Supporter nor the Left, but I want to request you to make a totally separate series. With zero ads, zero promotions, zero sarcastic Samdish, you guys know that PMO India is doing very wrongful acts. Just 10 Videos of 10 minutes Samdish Bhatia seriously telling the exact truth he know, I am following Samdish from 3-4 years now and my gutt tells me that Samdish can bring the change. Samdish Brother if you ever read this comment I just beg you to do your serious MANN KI BAAT. You have the voice which people crave for, you have the viewership people dream of. Please Scoop Whoop and Please SAMDISH BHATIA. This decade can turn India back to what it was or to a gangland with riots every day every night. Samdish Bhatia you didnt got sold out to politician be fuckin* proud of yourself and bang this government. Respect your Reporting
Boss thank you so much for the information you've put in my head I've been asking farmers and collecting information about how it circulates from the farmer now I've got it.. am so thankful to you for sharing how farmer struggles I hope you get more views, am sorry not view's #Understanding Farmer
This was all over social media from past week. Modi take back the farm bills and say that he did that because of Amrinder Singh (Punjabs ex CM) and then he gonna make a collision govt with them.
Thank u so much for this informative topic about farm bill in easy to understand way After watching this I get more clarification regarding  this topic
Amazing way of explanation, very organized. But the last bill, it's intention is to stock onion while it's in season, and sell those while it's off season like monsoon. We all are seeing the price hike of onion in monsoons because of less production in that season. This bill will help to compensate that. Also there is an indirect regulation for the cooperates. That is the minimum price. If the quotation is less than the minimum price, the farmers still have an option to sell their products to the nearby Mandi.  Hence an option for getting the minimum price is still there for them. 
The farmer was forced to sell only nearest mandi and that too on fixed price which they never get because of corruption now they can sell to anybody and if no one is interested they can sell back to that mandi they were selling for years 
Can't there be a option to directly invest in farmers produce? Like to sign a deal with them and then invest HALF of the spendings involved from cropping of the seed to harvesting. And then divide the profit (or loss) with the farmer !
I saw a massive caravan of the Indian farm protestors in Sacramento, CA. It was actually quite powerful to watch.
Thank you BBC for covering #farmersprotest  !!! Indias media is sold out
When u talk of transparency, Can u compare an  non-educated poor farmer with educated /corporate city guy who understands Sensex listing. What's this comparison ?
Empowering State Farmers Commissions: Rather than opting for heavy centralisation, the emphasis should be on empowering farmers through State Farmers Commissions recommended by the National Commission for Farmers, to bring about a speedy government response to issues.
So at the end the farmer leader says "Whole system needs to change" while protesting against the system change brought by Govt. What an irony !
BJPs farmer bill is rubbish, this bill gives many unfair advantage to corporates.
7:33 is the problem really. "sarkaar ne kiya hai toh soch ke hi kiya hoga". Stop surrendering your analytical abilities by blindly accepting whatever the government offers you. at least analyse it for once. Everything that a government does is not sacrosanct. There is a reason why we have elections every 5 years so that the much needed course correction can be done. There can be no course correction and government can never be held accountable for wrongdoings if people surrender their analytical powers like this
In assam farmers sell top quality tea green leaf at 12 to 22 per kg price rate and we all know the rate of tea in market  no minimum price
 price. Till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the 
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for the welfare of farmers...
Before adding my opinioni i Read comment section and most of people propagate that it's pro farmers give me some example how this bill is pro farmer ,except farmer can sell their produce anywhere in India.
Well explained Sir.. i am a farmer's Son and i really appreciate you speak for farmers.
You can't make MSP legal. If you do then middle class will be harrass by farmer and retailers. Because when government said in first bill that you can sell your goods outside APMC and in other state then they have to charge for transportation and it very much depend on inflation, supply and purchasing power and oil prices. You cant make MSP legal because those all factors play very much important role to keep the price low or high. So if you are producing goods and Maharashtra and you want to sell that in delhi then transportation price sill play important role and price will e increase. Also when farmers are doing contract farming they are basically making contract of goods which they produce not a land.
Modi Govt Total Failure Garib parasham,kisan Road per, NoJobs,GdpDown,bhook Mari,
3:15 - No-one should loose their rights - She nailed it... I support my lovely farmers.
Are these so called "farmers" are stop protesting?
They are all not farmers. This are khalistan groups funded by the Congress party.
My dad is farmer i know its waste doing farming
We are farmers and anyone can't be back us without taking back that laws...  If we dead there no worry 
Since this bill has came, I haven't watched any vedio as I wasn't able to understand these bills but after this vedio, I got to know each and every aspect along with why our farmers are protesting. Thank you sir 
Now a big opportunity is lost. 90% in India are marginal farmers and for them Farmers reforms proposed by Gov was good and useful to prevent from Dalals and local moneylenders.
I am a farmer. I am very happy with this new bill.
Private sector is not for good from farmers 
A farmer from Bihar will be able to sell his produce directly to a buyer in Maharashtra. 
Salute you sir.. Keep it up. Any central Government including state governments  are not worried about the farmers. Farmers are neglected from the beginning of our independence. They are just Vote bank for political parties.
All farms bill so far just benefited Panjab  not the other states of India.
3) How can the farmer's interest be protected given that 85% of them have less than 1 hectare land and lack resources? - Govt. is encouraging creation of FPOs and has dedicated funds towards this. NABARD has also proposed an entire eco system to sustain the model. We know it's an organic model and something that takes time, but are we doing enough 
Sad to say that we had lost many of life's (farmers) mass suicide hence, three min silence for the ones who losses thier one's PM Narendra modi you can do this before... 
New Indian Farmers Politic Party Good Free Job .
I support BJP Sarkar  Jai shree Ram 
Plz support this momvent !!! We need this spirit in every Indian!
Don't forget canada whose leader now want indian government to listen to farmers canada, usa always 
Farmers bills are for well being of farmers as claims by Modi ji. But farmers does not want it . As a common citizen of India my 1st question is then why govt is forcing to imply those rules. Then something is wrong . Discuss with farmers , understand their pain then finalise the process or law . I think that is how democracy should work .
Karl marx might be smiling and feeling proud today  ... More power to Farmers
I believe this is a wise move by the BJP and PM Modi. I would encourage the government to go further one step and repeal all subsidies that in actual fact benefit the middle man and unscrupulous landlords. Let each individual states to sort their own subsidies for their farmers in the absence of reforms. Let's see how long these farmers want to continue with their stupidity and opposition when their pocket books start to really hurts. Furthermore, it is unfair for the rest of the country to foot the subsidy bills for states that opposed the farm reform bills who think they know better how to run their farming industry. All states that supported the farm reform bills should be encouraged to enact law for their states to formalise the new laws and look towards creating common market unions among these states for the benefit of their farmers.
shout out for the Farmers had a putting food on your table!!!!!
They can't complain openly that they don't wanna allow the farmers from nearest state in their own state which will cause over supply of grains and fall of price.!!
Very nice analysis of anti national Rakesh Tikait. Thank you. Congratulations.
Wrong decision by the Indian Govt to repeal the laws. The laws were put in place for the farmers benefit. Farmers would have understood the value in future. The opposition to the laws almost died. Then why this decision? This will only strengthen the anti-national forces to fight against everything that benefits the country.
Support farmers and stand with Farmers
This guy is so far removed from the farmers concerns - in my opinion (humble) he is another voice for the government.
Political gains  over reforms ! somehow i feel that what BJP supporters want and what BJP wants are now totally difeerent . Nevertheless no one is gonna vote for BJP in punjab .
Godi media had all plans to crush this farmer revolution
Full support for Farmers keep  going until you win
Now with new bills central govt can buy this from private players or directly through farmers  ..which will bypass mandi tax that will tantamount to loss for state govt .
Sabse kam income hai wha farmers ki
If traders of shoes,cloth, etc can sell  freely then why formers would be deprived from free trade? The Farmers Act,2020 is a good and modern legislation.
Shameless and Arrogant Prime Minister. According to BJP, Democracy starts and ends with Election.
I respected farm protest and it was fare. Thanks Modi for being good.
Preferred the Study IQ video over this one. She did not explain it in detail. Like how Bill 2 allows contract farming and Bill 3 hoarding. How these poor farmers will be at the mercy of corporate giants. How the people working at the APMCs will lose their jobs. About the fact that farmers are now free to sell anywhere: The farmers were always free to sell everywhere, it was the cost of transportation that prevented them from doing so. Secondly these bills are going to hit  small scale poor farmers real bad.
Kya India Ma Election Honey Ja Raha Ha..?
Lies Modi lie, he is. Great ACTOR ,  Modi will not take this three lows. Playing games.  BJP and RSS playing game. BJP hataw. Mulak bchaw.
Essentialncommodities amendncheythath enthinanennu ividathe koch kuttikalk vare ariyam. Arukkan varunnavante mumbil pothine kettazhich vidunna bill aanu ith.
Some 5% larger farmers can earn more than MSP by selling in international markets which small farmers can't do.
Farmers have right to sell their crops wherever they want... That's freedom.... Also n advise to VOX y don't u compare the farming policy with America's n Europe's policy.....
This is the biggest and most organized protest in the world so far, Where food is served to millions every day , not only the farmers even million of people living in surroundings are having there meals there. Almost every community is supporting the farmers except few modi bhakats and big industrial houses. No Indian main stream media is covering this protest due to government pressure. but still this is spreading like fire on social media. Farmers will win and modi arrogance will loose.
Modiji is a super man no ego simple gentle man he has not won nor lost india will not this type of gentleman dt harness him but support him in his governess lucky india to get gentleman
Government repeal the 3 Anti Farmers law as soon as possible.
Curse on Modi and Shah Government ! Oroll if thunder hear our cry and send them to God  Save India ! Jai Panjabi , Jai Kisan
The three acts that the Farmers are protesting and why is it important that the journalist in India should help the viewers understand what it interprets for the farmers and the govt. Why are the farmers protesting, what is the governments vested interest. 1.The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020. 2. Farmers( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price assurance and farm services act, 2020. 3.Essential Commodities ( Amendment)  Act, 2020. If you guys need help watch this video 
as every bill has a some pots and holes this bill too has it...but regardless of all that i think i would help farmers indeed in globalising their products...and they would not be just confined to APMC but to global market...so lets see how it goes
Mr. Gurucharan Das, is a known supporter of Capitalism.. He has absolutely no concern for Farmers..
If the nation is benefited from ruining 5 crore people then it's no problem. But what I say is That all the farmers should not protest, even though, they should stop growing crops and then the govt will learn a lesson. I used to live in Punjab and year ago as well and I know the farmers are So Warm Blooded and even the Youth which isn't a good sign
Great ji and this good but now also not accepting there step was wrong and harna kya h , HR PB DL villages western UP But Gurgaon border and Rewari didn't SUPPORTED FARMERS it is also written in history , only for awareness  ,No hate.
90 percent of protesters are not actually farmers they r the brokers whose income will be put to ground and they  r the once who exploit farmers the most like the rate per kg in mumbai for tomatoes is 54 but farmers get just 3 rs per kg. Can u imagine after modijis law all farmers can directly sell thier products at cost thats reasonable for them as well as us this guy is providing just half information.
Always support farmers.
farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
Study iq mahipal video on farm bill is best
Bjp govt removed onion,garlic in necessary food list and they destroying local trader's. Local trader's also Indian
And no one wants to know why these "farmers" are getting hit.
The analysis is one sided. The new bills only provide for additional opportunities for the farmers. This in no way removes / obliterates APMCs. APMCs till today had no competition because the farmers were forced to sell there, and the traders in the APMCs could cartelise against farmers. When the consumer purchase from any shop that he wishes, why not make available the same benefit to farmer. The decision is for farmers to take on where to sell. The APMCs may sensing competition offer them a better rate and hence may have a chance to improve their relevance. Currently farmers get about 30% of the value paid by the consumer. If the same is at 50%, the farmers income would go up more than 100% (considering inputs and other costs). The APMC Act modification and removal of restrictions have been earlier pushed by the Congress government also. In fact most of the states have adopted major APMC reforms. In fact states like Kerala have no APMC and there the farmers get relatively better returns for their produce as compared to other states (about 50% of the value paid by the consumer). Also the Congress manifesto of 2019 specifically mentions removal of APMC restrictions. This current drama is only poltically motivated. Better returns for farmers without disturbing the price paid by the consumer can only happen by bringing about efficiency and transparency in the market mechanism. In any case this is only an additional opportunity for farmers, which is upto the farmer to take a decision on whether to make use of or not.
We are stand with farmers
So none of these laws are sincere or have farmers interest at heart.
Farmers feed the world. Who wouldnt stand with them!!? I stand united with these brave men and women!! And the men have the raddest beards, period!
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are middlemen protests, so they are itself anti-farmer. Period.
But here all farmers are quite. And say it's a loss business. Things has to be change very urgently...
But in farmer protest, BJP, RSS could not use muslim, christian, congress to suppress them. They did use anti national, khalistan, but still the farmers were hindus, so BJP had to back out, esp UP and Punjab elections.
Modi ji you have made a wrong decision  no Voat for you
MODI JHUKTA NAHI LEKIN PUNJABI  GALAT BAT MANTE NAHI
when he said the farmer was suppoting his idea but few of them was not supporting lgta h chacha ji bht acha poltician bnn gya
With Farmers
Bjp want only election to win in uttar pradesh firse se ek aur jhumla
U said right ... Farmers are having more patience then anyone else ... The violence which occured on 26th Jan actually was not by farmers but it's dirty politics ... Some guys were sent in who did damaged so that gov can criticize this protest and end it forcefully unfortunately one of the was spotted in vedio who works for BJP who is currently in power  thank u for this vedio people should know
Only 1 state, Khalistanis and Rich Artiyas don't represent whole India
Because I am from farmer family
Are farmers from other states also have same problem as they have? Why the guy addressed just only one community? What about other communities serving in military? Are you guys have attention seeking behaviour?
Beautiful explanation and analysis. I generally do not subscribe to channels but here I went out of my way to do so because channels like yours need to be supported. I also have a wish. The 2008 housing market collapse (and the subsequent global financial crisis) is a big topic and there has been a beautiful film on it, called THE BIG SHORT. But I have always found it extremely difficult to understand clearly. There are quite a lot of YT videos trying to explain it but they really do not help much. I think you should give it a try and make a video on it because I think that you have a flair for breaking down things and explaining them very precisely. Thank you.
Secondly ,What farmers have to lose over these bills ..they are already poor,helpless and uncapable even before these bills came ...
Thaknx Dhruv with sympathy for farmers 'No farmer,no food'
Where it is written that before this bill farmers cannot sell their product in the market directly ? How much money you will get from bjp madam ?
Just add only Punjabi farmers and not Indian farmers. Foreigners will react to whatever is shown to evoke emotions. They have not the slightest idea on what is actually on the bill. To explain in a few words the bill has everything as it had before but it gave freedom to farmers to sell their products wherever they wish. If it was actually worse then whole India would've been protesting. They don't want to even discuss with the government. Is this how democracy works? Court already told them to discuss and not disrupt the lives of the common people. Showing just one side. This is just a provoking video.
Modi ji saara drama next election ka h. Likn hm kuch nhi bhoolne wale a.we are farmers. We remember what you did in past with farmers
Whatever happens, i genuinely hope, benefits the farmers.
I want to say a bit about the farmer situation as it seems with this protest, farmers finally getting the much needed attention from the general  public to help them out, now I know currently discussion is about the recent bills but I would like to give a little analysis of mine towards the situation of farmers in general and what exactly are the problems they are facing(as you cannot help them as long as you don't know what is the issue)
Btw where is the opposite point of view. Journalism 101. ?? I am from Punjabi jat ( farmer) Sikh family. I support Farm bills on merit. However govt. should and govt is making good efforts to assuage fears of kisans who are being misled by vested interests in media, intelligentsia and political spectrum.
Thank you for covering farmers
I honestly don't think the protest will have as big as moment as before as earlier the farmers had these support if people but the violence on 26th Jan changed that big time, as modiwas saying that the Indian flag has been insulted,  most people are pretty mad and also cuz of khalistan which is now deemed as a terrorist group in the masses
Congratulations to all farmers brother for their success but this is  at the cost of 600+ farmers of our country
Don't believe his word he's lier n cheater from beginning so Upcoming elections he's doing all drama to gain public interest . Kissan must continue the protests till 2022 end don't believe Modi anymore dear Kisaan seat at the same place and continue protests. ..jai kissan jai hindh #
wow vice on farmers protest...wow 
Our PM Modi Ji is very polite but it becomes good if the Agriculture amended rule not to be changed.
I belong to the one of the poor region in all over India known for Drought and farmers Suicide here still don't have protests Marathwada MH
In Rajasthan Congress Govt lathi charged on farmer's brutally, nothing shown here, typical hypocritic media...
Very Sad for Poor farmers .
Such legislation wouldnt be bad per se, but when you still have such a big part of the population in farming, it makes little sense. Once other industries take off and more job opportunities are created else where, the privatisation of farming is important to fill the void left behind by fewer small scale farmers.
Modi lose farmers win
So basically, it is us or the "Common Man" who is going to suffer. The farmers will get a good profit anyhow.
41% of Indians employs at agriculture and farming and only contributes 16% of total gdp from labor force. This is why our country is poor.
India support our farmers 
Kisan bhut badhi galti kar rahe .law ache thy farmers k liyeh
Bro farmers in haryana and punjab are the richest farmers in India india their annual income is greater than remaining farmers income and most of the farmers in those two states are land lords with more than 15 accers of farm land and they don't work their only labour from Bihar and uttar pradesh do work in the fields so it is a protest of landlords and middlemen and infiltarted khalisthanis
Sir Department of agriculture and cooperation fisex MSP on the recommendations of commission for agriculture and prices(CACP)
I have watched many videos( not sugar coating)but this video made me clear the concept of farm bill and protest. Thankyou
Indian Farmer protest is not just humanitarian protest, it's bigger than that. Farmers are fighting to get legal provision to insure MSP i.e. Minimum Support Price. 
Farmers work close to God!
First tell how the 1 farm bill lead to collapse of the mandi
Farmers are just being used for the sake of political agenda through unnecessary protests.
Vote banking hai modi ji, kya            by-election me             ,  I support NDA in bihar.
Very good research.but unbiased in not standing in the middle and saying nobody in right and wrong. But who is right and wrong. The farmers protesting are demanding scrapping the entire farmbill .even though government gave their promise on msp .
MSP for 21 crops is there,  Price Discovery other crops based on demand and supply concept. Please readers, subscribers first download the 3 farm bills in pdf format from approved govt sites, then read and decide for yourself. MSP is known as price assurance, price guaranteed in the farmers legal agreement.
Everyone is talking about bollywood and kangana ranaut but no one will take stand for farmers.
Sometimes Farmers sell product at 1 rs and we buy it for 100rs..everyone knows it is happening...and the main cause is middlemens
Product -A is out of Control that is  Not required any More but Farmers Product only Product-A still they Sell at that MSP price what's Going to Happens
The price subsidies should have been repealed. Obviously the system isn't good for farmers, the land, the ecosystem, or the public. Modi won a short term political victory at the expense of a continuing problem.
Election Anna wailai hai....Punjab and u p 
Like here in the states, smaller farmers will not survive and big farming corporations will buy their land at cheap prices...
      .Modi ji showed utter humility and greatness. You have  to read between the lines of his short speech
Violent? Sitting on streets for two months and we farmers are violent? Change ur stupid title
U said mutually agreed price,,,, but it will not happen,, corporates will exploit farmers because farmers can't reach whole country to sell their crops/produce, they also can't keep it to them because it gives them a living, so exploitation will occur,,, and if hoarding occurs whole country will suffer so everybody should go to Delhi to join farmers,
I just read these comment- thank you Delhi!!! Im so glad you are not fooled by godi media. Imagine government cutoff petrol to stop farmers in UP for protest. What we going to do when they cutoff food supply to us? Guess what is increasing in budget - phone cost and who gets that extra money- abani is the winner!
Only because of up and punjab elections...
Farmers can use commodities market to hedge the risk by entering into future&options contracts!
BBC has a double standard in reporting. I think the Farmers are peaceful compared to the Hong Kong riots. Yet BBC always reports Hong kong riots as peaceful.
Even the richest man in the world relies on a farmer to feed him.
I hope for India's sake and the world that the protest are successful, and that Modi is ousted and replaced with someone much more progressive in 2024!
To be honest this was one of the most perplexed topic on youtube !! Every channel failed to explain it smoothly ! Only your explaination is above the standard ... Thank you very much mam  . I subscribed your channel after getting clearance of Farmer bill.. Thank you
I understand that every law is not perfect...but doesn't mean that you will only show dark side....in long term it will benefit farmers and country
I appreciate vox media to create video outside of their expertise but I'll have to say that you understand the situation so less. Buy showing current bunch of graphs doesn't show the exact pictures. Take the example of farmer income graph, Punjab & Haryana farmers were already rich because this were the two states were green revolution took place, not the whole country; as for Bihar, its farmer were very poor from beginning (as it is one of the backward state) but from last from 2005 farming is growing in Bihar with 10-15% more than national avg 2-3% & Infact it stale or even declining in Punjab and haryana. Another point, farmers in Punjab and haryana generally and majorly grows wheat and paddy (bcuz of msp) in cycle in vast surplus as govt have to buy from them, which is ultimately stored and wasted. They are loosing their entrepreneurship as they have now becoming to much comfortable with the arrangements. Other states have already diluted lot this in their own way which motivates them to grow a wide variety of crops, beyond traditional wheat, paddy, cotton, which indeed helps the land and environment too. 
Finally someone speak on this. Thanku for support farmers
Stand saport to farmers   we can't live without farmers 
Excellent explanation very many thanks. I will forward to my contacts as many don't know what's going on. Why is the government not listening to the farmers demands and repealing the farmers  laws. Farmers have been suffering for over a month in cold wet weather in the streets and government is not agreeing to their demands. Why why????
Lots of love from india Trevor thanks for raise this issue on international. This farm bill killing the farmers who have small land.
Farmers do not set the price for their produce ..... buyers set them.. .. and it's so unfair
My respect for Punjab farmers has grown 1000 folds after watching this, great reporting samdish
After so many farmers died in agitation. Now he is repealing the farm laws because he is scared of loosing elections  ahead in UP, Punjab and Uttarakhand..... Farmers were called terrorist and khalistanis..... Still petrol prices are high because of that every basic product of every home has become expensive weather it's wheat, gas, home cooking oil,. Etc......... Hypocrisy ki bhi seema hoti hai...
 strict implication of MSP in contract farming,
agar MSP aur farmer ko complain karne ka power ke sath aate to aisa nhi hota
We support farmers ..
Modi ji please make a strategy by implying these laws in a new bill. It shouldn't be direct, it should be hidden in facade statements.
Those who support someone like you than think why india is developing. 
If farmers wants to continue poor, ready to be exploited by middlemen and landlords.... let them be... who are govt to help them... after all it shows  a mindset of slavery, feudalism among indian farmers..
Ahhh. So to let all the people know about these bills out of 28 states in india, only punjab and half of haryana are effectively opposing the bills. Sikhs in punjab(middlemen), exploit the actual(mostly small or farmers with less than 2 acres of land) farmers by buying from them at almost 1/10 of the actual crop  price. They then themselves sell to the pvt corporates and earn huge profits(as evident from their posh cars), while the actual farmers are committing suicide.  Now the govt has said the farmers can sell directly to the pvt or international markets. Or wherever they see profit. The fake news has been spread about what if tomorrow pvt corporates pinch the poor famers.... I mean really???????? You guys have been ponching them since decades. And the farmer can sell to the middlemen if he wants. The old system still exists.  Vice news , as always dont show the complete picture https://youtu.be/sD-wQMlgvWc
This brings a tear to my eye, seeing the resilience in our farmers
Here in this bill loophole is legal affairs which a normal can't withstand with cooperates , so let govt take a necessary solution to make farmers tense free on legal issues, rest will work
Now Election corner - our leader see no one supporting on 3 Laws. To bring back votes 
If PM made repeal the law earlier, Election results wil not be like the present
Why he focus on only those issues in which farmer are angry and  not those which are benefit for farmer
Some points of that aspirants were good regard to 3 law means national commodities act the encouragement to hoarding is not good for market as well he also explain the role of suprim court but he is perfectly accurate because the law making is 5 the  sector it comes under the policy making and comes under highly intelligent community means cabinet secretary of parliament assist to cabinet ministers in law making and I think they not totally wrong because I am also the son of farmer from maharashtra
All farmers welcoming it except these two with political opponents and it is quiet interesting on the part of opponent parties since they were the sponsors of these policies...what do you say
Corporate for suststaiment have to make profit. If the buerocrcy is good food corporation can solve problems. Burocrcye is worse than corporate.,40 percent of produce collected is wasted. How about having platforms run by farmers to sell their produce profitably.Let government give logistics at susidised rates
Thanks everyone spotting farmers
BJP It cell now start - Modi ji again play master stroke ................but end of the day... Modi is a loosr , Farmers win . they are Farmers are not Terrorist .
At 8:30 min in your video you are misguiding your viewers no farmers are bound to sell in APMC mandis . They could sell their produce anywhere they want before these farm bills .
This Chaiwala and India has paid the price for upsetting Punjab.
My respect for Punjab/Haryana farmers and to Sikh community has multiplied...
A gross oversimplification of the entire issue. The protest continues, yet it's been months since some genuine concerns were raised. I get the anxiety some farmers have with the new laws, but these laws are not mandatory. The decision to implement these laws rests with the state. These exact laws were said to be need of the hour prior to being ratified by the parliament. What changed?
Support every one.... farmers
humm, I mean the problem isn't with the acts or the government the problem is the private companies using there acts and exploiting farmers maybe we can do something to limit these companies but sill farmers are in a better place after these acts, everything comes at a cost
The small farmer still struggling, the big farmer and the middle man won. please we need to calculate transport cost and establishment cost as well when we take about buying and selling cost,  I know it's less for the farmer, but who will be ready to take the losses. I am not against but still, I believe we have to redefine farmer law to help them for betterment.
As a white guy living in Surrey, Canada - No Farmers, No Food! I support Indian farmers.
Shows the deterioration of BJP GOVERNANCE...BUT PEOPLE OF INDIA HAVE FAITH IN SC AND CJI
1. Why can't farmers form a similar cartel (as traders) to control the prices at which to sell to the traders? At least this should be possible with the new farming bill...
I would have loved to find out how this impacts the other farmers - not just from the north indian states. For example, in my hometown, the farmers sell coconuts to the co-operative societies and they get paid around Rs.10 per coconut while it is sold for Rs.35 each here in the cities.The pricing is even worse for vegetables. All of this while they are plagued with issues like no labour, no water, floods. Obviously I can't rely on the regional media right now, because we are having our own drugs mafia episodes going around to cover up whatever it is that is happening here.
Hey sir, I am an MBA student. I have one question regarding the procurement by FCI in Punjab and Haryana, Why does FCI procure more from Punjab and Haryana as compared to other states? What are the reasons behind it?
As a person who's been to CAA protests in Delhi ( If y'all don't know, please look it up) , this farmer protest feels so much bigger than anything I've seen before. It's effectively half the highway from my hometown to the capital that has been blocked. It's pretty major. I don't think government can sweep this one uber the rug
Do you know?: Contract farming is linked with indian legal marrijuana market.
You also failed to mention how intermediaries are taking advantage of the existing system to exploit farmers. 
I support congress govt
4. It is not mandis which procuring at msp. Its FCI. so existence of mandis not matters.
You have talked about Bihar but why are you not talking about farmers who are working with Pepsi and happy with it.
I was a bjp supporter now i am sick of them. They would have controlled this protest easily.
Farmers don't need any protection...i just recall my history lesson Herbert Hoover and his way of running the country 
Inless the farmers call off their protest peacefully and willingly- no further demands should be entertained bu govt.
Kissan ektha zindabad, this is big failure of Modi and Shah government. Jago india jago BJP ko bagao.
Very happy that farmers got what they deserved. 700+ farmers dies just to satisfy on person's ego. Hum nahi bhulenge!!
But once the Mandi system is destroyed. The farmers will be at the mercy of the private sector. Without any minimum support price.
Totally concocted stories from everywhere. Absolute disregard for the farmers. Politics only. The opposition has no clue on how to oppose a popular govt. 
Thanks to think about farmers
the minimum support price was increased higher than international price and no exporter is
Path is being laid for big companies like Pepsico, Reliance etc to take huge agricultural produces for their products. Soon, we wont be able to buy potatoes or basic food at regular prices. Farmers will earn what they are earning now, but common man will buy burgers instead of making their own home food at high prices. Transformation of India into US.
I respect farmers and their work and how they feed us.
Norendomodi not only destroy Indian but also try to destroy our country Bangladesh, he send Raa in our podma rever project 13 Raa personal arrested from the podma rever project, you know why he try to destroy our podma rever project because Caina help us for this big project....
Its a high time to support farmers...they are fighting for our survival and we should be ashamed of ourselves if we are not doing anything to support farmers protest
An year long battle (ordeal) of KISAN against the blind /deaf ruling class will go a long way in the history of working class of the country. 
no doubt why indian farmers still poor and they need revolutionary change
We support farmers protest
Many people and farmers believe new farm laws provide incentive to private sector to get involve in farm sector. They can directly buy from farmer and hold inventor. People have fear that big corporate will exploit farmers as they always think for profit.  New farm laws not mentioned anywhere that it remove MSP but people believe that MSP and Govt Mandi will eventually dissolve in future due to competition from private sector. This will give monopoly to private sector in farm sector.
138 Crore, people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer day& night effort and hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by Government so far
Actual yadavji maiaap key vichharoo se 100 % sahmat  hu  today is our victory  day  I will remember it for life time  jai kisan
Wait why is it only Punjabi farmers protesting ???? I'm from South Africa not sure about the sentiment throughout the larger picture of India, which is a massive country by all means. Looks like they're only against the change it seems
Hence, none of the above amendments will give rise to any adverse effect, on farmers earning.
Vox missed out on the fact that only farmers from two states are really protesting. Also I definitely agree that government oversight is required, the problem in todays agriculture market is the presence of too many middle men in the first place.
All the people in the world relies on a farmer to feed them. we should support the farmers.
...but oru doubt vannu...APMC state govt aanu regulte cheyunath engil athu Sate List il varunna karyam aayrikile...so athu enganyaa Central govt ( Union List ) pole treat cheyunathe...even if Concurrent List il aanegil polum athu majority of States support vendathe ale ?...can you explain
If you love farmers then say government to implement the MSP to the whole India not only for Haryana and Punjab..... Because 88% people belong to only Haryanavi and Punjabi who benefited this MSP
The History is created by our Indian Farmers.. They saved our democracy by their lives. Jai jawaan Jai Kisaan .
Nobody really knows what the farm laws were . Many were simply protesting without knowledge . This sort of socialist policy is killing the Indian economy !!
4. Those protesting farmer unions have demanded similar reforms in past and supported political parties promising those reforms. However when a right wing government has brought the same reforms they have problem. In short they don't have problem with the reforms but the person who brought the reforms. 
Well done Sikh farmers fighting against evil devil modi government
Many small farmers can come together and sell anywhere. Act will allow for storage not black marketing. If you don't allow traders to store, how will they transport their procurements and give better price? Such economy of scale will control inflation. If for some reason, farmers are not able to produce minimum required quality,they can sell at MSP through APMC. What is the issue? Bill no where says MSP will be taken back. It is all based on agar aisa hua to, vaisa hua to hypothetical scenarios. He is talking about LBS reforms, but he is forgetting his own leftist people were against those reforms. Left is a foreign ideology which has just given naksalvaad to this country, nothing progressive.
tl;dr The farmers are mad because (with these new bills) their farms will be competing directly against global, corporate agriculture. Their farms will be sold for survival as prices fall so low they cannot compete. The former farmers will be forced to urban areas. This is a vision from the West. It's almost completely finished here.
I will not talk about anything regarding this topic however the quote 'No one is more patient than farmers' really hits differently.
It is only 2 states - Punjab and Haryana that are protesting. The state governments will be loosing out on Mandi tax collections and hence they have been most vocal to protest.
The national media is not broadcasting the farmers protest in a proper way.
Hence proved,  muscle and money always wins. The amount of money pumped in for farmers protest is beyond imagination
 They are not arguing on the Laws which was most awaited and is good for people and farmers in general. 
2. We dont need so much of buffer rice and wheat. This colossal buffer has resulted from forceful procurement at MSP price which is vague and not market derived. 
Buddy.....Trevor we are concerned about our farmers but think about the statistics you read. 50% of Indian population responsible for 15% of Indian GDP. Dont you think the agro based sector require reforms.
Listen to our farmers! They are feeding us ..
1: The so-called Indian govt's "crackdown" is aimed at ONLY those who are/were responsible for Jan 26th's violence at/on country's National Heritage Monument along with brutal attacks on "unarmed" Police Personnel on duty that fateful day... & NOT on farmers! Hence, criminal investigation by Delhi Police. Govt never did nor has stopped farmers from their peaceful protest. The very reason u can still see them on the road continuing with their protest. BTW, the option or rather the door of negotiation has always been wide open for these very farmers.
I watch YouTube cos i am tired of godi media on tv but this very channel is loosing my hope on YouTube aswell cos almost all the videos of this channel is all talking about the pro side of govt and not cons . But i would really appreciate this if this channel made a video on the present worst GDP crash in India.
@Vox, I am a regular follower of this channel. But I must tell you now that in the political matters of india Vox must take view of indians outside Delhi. Because everytime you post a video on indian political crisis eg. This farm law and ealier CAA law, you represent a view that most of the indian don't believe or it would be better to say hate by indian. Therefore I want to request you to please take view of truely indian national with domicial outside delhi and NCR region. Because their is a group of elites with their ideology that represent and show what you are showing presently.
Fantastic farmers  
* In Punjab we sell our Paddy & Wheat at MSP near about rs1900, where as in Bihar they already applied these bill, so Bihar farmer sell there paddy below MSP like 900,1000,1100 near about half price of MSP because APMC is not there & govt dont buy there crops.
Previously the Farmer did not have the right to their crops to anyone outside the farmers market of that region.
Good explanation, One thing though agar govt. 1st bill mey MSP daal dgi to baat to wahi ghum kar aajayegi. Matlab agar kisi ko MSP key bina Private company sey 50 rs per kg par wheat mil rha hai or agar govt. MSP daal degi lets say 25 rs per kg to wo jo private company hai wo extra 25 rs kyu degi wo to MSP key around hi buy karney ki koshish karegi.
I am just waiting for a day when you will sit oposite to the crupt of India modi and slap him with your questions.
Expected from a tribal country. A repeal that will keep people poor forever!! Congratulations India!
Rakesh Tikait ,U'd brought those innocent kissans & U r solely responsible
msp cannot force anyone to buy the crop at first place. if price is not suitable one can always reject the buying proposition thus killing all the profit of the farmer.
Ironically is that people will forget this incident before election & keep voting BJP for few money & in the name of Cows.
Why are farmers protesting then, they are given more freedom to do business. We people should be worried as the prices would fluctuate according to the wishes of these people. All they need to learn is how to deal with traders, which is basic business. Profit or loss is the gamble which farmers should take. How long can the government spoon-feed, protect the farmers from all kinds of trade deals? It's been a long time since agriculture in the country has found its place. It should venture in diverse ways now.  We need to move to the next stage of business someday, I personally feel it is a good initiative. Now is the right time to make a move. Farmers are simply afraid of the risk of losing hold of the business. The government can educate them about the legal works and protect them in case of injustice. Business is something farmers ought to learn. 
Farmers don't want the new 3 laws so called sake for the farmers of the country which is passed by Modi Government without any discussion in the Parliament. As far as Farmers and their unions are concerned these laws only support the Corporates for looting farmers in all parameters  for their products.That is why they conducted strike for the last 60 days & fighting with Delhi police today. Police brutally attacked them, but finally they started to attack back to Police as well. For all these bad situations responsible authority is the rulers of our India. They are ruling not in the manners of Democracy but through bureaucratic approach how Hitler & Mussolini ruled. Any how it is very sad for our Nation especially on our Republic Day. Jai Mahathma. Jai Bharath.
Because of msp only Farmer is getting something otherwise all middle line don't want to give even.  1 % to farmer . I m telling you this this new system will only helps to private sector . wait only soon you will get answer  motive behind this bill . Ambani is also coming in farming ....... Good for farmer 
I have been so clueless about WHY the farmer protests are happening ..and i am an INDIAN. No matter where i looked it was 99% noise and 1% advertisement. Vox explained this better than Indian Govt probably could. that was so well made. KUDOS,
In Hyderabad, there are huge rallies of amit shah and yogi Aditya nath but corona here...but guidelines only for farmers. Worst govt ever in the history of India.
Can someone please explain why so many people in India are Against these protests? Even people in my family have been bashing the farmers and I don't understand why.
So, in short it is good for farmers .
So sad....  Justice for farmers
 For me eliminate both these mandi system and new law. Coz no body can assure minimum support price for anything coz this is business and everyone have to share profit and loss. But research and find solutions why the farmers are getting low money for their products. Once in a while ok its a part of life. But always means that there is corruption dome by corporates + authorities by manipulation. So the real solution is change the system based on coruption, lies , false news, pseudo hopes and fear.
Best explanation so far. Thanks a lot. MSP should be legal mandate. I support 100%. Some additional points. Farmers need to educated and united on large scale. Then it will require minimum interference from government and law to stop exploitation. Same can be said in case of ola uber taxi drivers.
Power to middleman is the problem to farmers
8. All want farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana farmers unions want to repeal and rest of indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell
If they feel guilty, they should abandon their comfortable life overseas and join them in profession..It's disheartening to see Khalsa flag instead of Indian flar fluttering. They should speak as indian not as punjabi, haryanwi or biharis...
Please do make a detailed video on how commission agents in mandis play with farmers
Dumi adhigrahan  law is failed in 2014 so modi has brought  new farm Bill's in 2020. Modi himself  asked central government  when Manmohan  singh sir is pm at that time law for msp according  to swaminathan commity. ( c2+50%) formula.  But now u turn.unlimited stock of food grain is equal raise price of food grain for command people. And huge profit to stockest.
I'm a farmer. The biggest issue is consolidation leading to mega ag Chem, ag machinery, processors, and mega retailers. The farmer puts the most into the food production and gets the least. It's more of an implication of poor government and corruption than monoculture system. Poly culture and organic are absolutely not the solutions to feed the world.
And what is stopping farmers from entering into agreement as on date??
they all are genuine farmers with true emotions, we should support them
The sad part about this is that it only focuses on Northern part of Indian farmers. The farm laws were much appreciated in the southern part and now they've repealed the laws because idiots wanted them to be repealed
6:40 , If the contract has already been done then why would changes in prices affect farmers ??
Farmer wins .....
Respect for You bro. One of the best coverages. thanks for showing the real truth from the ground reality.  No Farmers No Food
y does d govt not withdraw d bill unconditionally? if d bill is for farmers n farmers don't like tis.... WITHDRAW!!!!!!! start d discussion afresh, take farmers into confidence n present d modified bill. No point discussing now if bill is right r wrong....
I'm not against amvani adani because they are Indian  
I think if private companies were gonna deal with farmers then that was the worst thing for many farmers.
2). APMC mandi is corrupt because (vicholias/aadtia) have their own nexus. same parallel to it, private companies make their own nexus. Always very first motive of private companies is to remove competitors. they spend much more money for their establishment. Example: Jio spent millions of rupees to remove their competitors from playground. Airtel was still in competition. jio continued giving free service to users. 
Thank you Dhruv...!! I was reading newspaper and about Farmers Ordinance, thought i would have to search on Youtube to understand this topic/Issue, then you uploaded the video.. Makes my work easy.. UPSC Aspirant here..
only punjab not any single other state of India involved wow not for farmer bill but protest against modi:
its for all of u not just for a farmer or a political party
Hello, i am daughter of a farmer from Punjab. I had saw my father working so hard to grow crops for his family and community.
: only in punjab there is a protest against this , rest of the farmers in india wants this bill. And people are too naive to understand the political play by opposition and pakistan , pakistan is funding the khalistan - a seperate country for Sikhs , most people in the protest are the supporters of it , the bill is just a faade . And who gave power to farmers of punjab to decide for whole of india . 
THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT
The goverment should not roll back the Farmer ordinance. Some changes should be made, but completely rejecting the ordinance  is not the solution.
Explained very succinctly. I agree with the assessment that these bills need to be tweaked; particularly in view of the experience of the American farming communities who have not only faced the adverse issues of corporatisation of agriculture, but also tremendous harassment and exploitation from companies selling farm equipment. 
this bill has got lot of good things, but if can add few more good points, so that he struggling farmers reap benefit
Absolutely sir....app for farmers should be made.......and polls should be there about the crop which will be cultivated next time,so that farmers get what are the crops which are going to hike the production rate
1. THE FARMERS PRODUCE TRADE AND COMMERCE (PROMOTION AND FACILITATION) BILL, 2020
1. Farmer has to pay tax to APMC (before these reforms), whether he sells to APMC or to any other.
Private company never think about the customer . They always think profit but in gov. Think about both . Like jio company first give everything  free thn all Indian allure for it nd now  prices going up nd in the future again it will up . U will use the net ,call or not it doesn't matter for the company . Company matters always profit. In this case  indirectly loss of customer . So in a same way farmers get loss in the future .
Correction: Till now, the protests against the bills are happening only in Haryana & Punjab largely, some parts of UP, karnataka. Not across the country.
What Modhis government has done with covid-19 it just shows what there capable of. You can't replace generations of farmers families. #support the Indian farmers. The fact that they have the elderly out in the scorching heat Modhi u should be ashamed of yourself. Exactly they have been protesting so long because their livelihoods are at stake. When will the government actually look after its citizens rather than chasing money.
I think precourement price ko do Karna chahiye na ki msp 
Last election results effect and upcoming elections prediction effect .... thank you voters and farmers without you India  nowhere..!!!!
Finally relief for the farmers but sad so many farmers lost there life in this protest 
When Modiji announces the reforms to fulfill his promise.
Arrest those gundas who are in the mask of farmers
3. There is no free lunch. If the price is low, ensuring high price to farmers means farmers are producing things no one needs and are getting subsidised and artificially locked into it by the government. It also is damaging to soil fertility. Whereas exposure to the market, while providing direct income support means that farmers will be shifting to the most profitable crop gradually, and fulfilling the scarcity where it exists.
1 Step -Start with Reaserch &Development, first reduce price what farmer invest in farming and increase  their production 
In a nutshell. This bill will affect normal people in the end. Because cost of everyday food items will increase.  So the government better listen to the farmers.
Poor farmers, it's your loss, do something! Think about the future!
AVM BJP rss mode nest Somalia India
90% OF THESE PROTESTORS ARE DOING PARTY AGENDA.... THEY DIDN'T EVEN READ THE BILL... EVEN GOV. SAID THAT THEY WILL DISCUSS WHICH ONE TO REMOVE WHICH WILL NOT... OUR STATE IS READY TO IMPLEMENT IT... SO BETTER IGNORE PUNJAB... AND IMPLEMENT ON OTHER STATE.. AND DON'T EVEN ASK THE REVENUE FROM CENTRAL
after listening to PM Modi announcement, it broke my heart that my INDIA will have to suffer....... as its medicine (agriculture reforms) will be taken back  just because some large farmers and middlemens were shortsighted and  thinking about short term profits rather then the pain & sufferings of there brother's who doesn't own large farms and sometimes even can't able to make there daily livelihoods.
I am confused with Zee News's agenda....sometimes they talk like they support BJP....but in SSR case they were busy diverting the public....
As long as the BJP government is in India No issue will be solved They finished my lovely kashmir But atrocities When filled So the revolution comes
The problem in our country is that the opposition parties are always against any bills brought by the ruling party. And the ruling party is not ready to 'surrender' to the opposition claims . What we actually need is a government that listens to the opposition and accepts necessary changes and an opposition that stands with the government in decisions made for the betterment of the common people.
Bro...you are so biased. First you never bothered to tell your viewers that contract farming has been widely prevalent in India for quite sometime now, seasonal fruits like mangoes and apples to potatoes and gherkins to name a few. For example a potato farmer starts farming based on verbal assurance of Lays or Uncle Chips. Now if during next harvesting season those potato chip manufacturers do not stick to their assurances to buy farmer's potatoes, he loses entire seasons earning. Also those potatoes grown for Chips manufacturers can't be sold through regular mandis as the quality of potato is different from those used for domestic consumption. The farmer goes into debt, commits suicide. The new farm law gives a legal validity to contract farming and under the new legal framework the farmer can seek justice under the law.
I supported the farms bill but didn't liked the way how government forced it on farmers.
Some wear tailored shawls,  keep long beards and works relentlessly for small farmers 
hey, you gave an example of Starbucks in the starting, can you tell that if the exploitation of coffee farmers is happening in the company? I think such exploitation will not happen unless the companies themselves form a cartel. (because of the competition between them)
 No government is above/ greater than Farmers, people and students.. ..  
Comparing OLA with what these farm bills can bring is just not right. OLA never includes the cost of manufacture, it's a service providing company whereas farming is product producing sector. Things here can change very much very quickly.
This video clarifies some of the legal myth around this bill, but otherwise it is supporting government position.
I support farmers as a delhite
jai kisan we are with our farmers
Power and unity of farmers
So the farmers are 'dying', protesting vehemently, going through the extreme weather, beating police men(as they stopped them from moving in) because of the causes mentioned in the video.
Even after watching this, viewer doesn't know! Because Trevor never told what exactly the laws are, because he doesn't know. He told about the protest, but never told what exactly are they protesting against i.e. Farm acts 2020 amendment, which are easily available in official documents 'Gazette of India' online. 
Wow what a great explanation! I see how these bills are so so bad for our farmers. Thank You for opening my eyes.
By different rate of Mandi Tax in Haryana, Punjab etc the state get fund for rural development and that is one of the reason that there states have better infrastructure. Many agriculture universities are there. These laws much more promote contract farming and till now we have never seen that in contract farming the company use seed from these agriculture universities.
If this is Farmer protest , why we see only punjab, punjabi's & sikhs here ? This is the crux of the issue , its not a farmer protest !
1. what is base price for essential commodities is fixed and how is it calculated?
I know because my father is farmer. He is also joined this process.
You pose a question if farm bills are right or wrong but you present the facts with such biased inclination that the bills seem right which isnt the fact
Very unrealistic analysis without understanding the ground realities of farming and market mechanism. An example of an issue does not provide the justification for the proper understanding of the bills
Modi Bhakt who were fighting there relatives over this bill be like-
In reality this farmer's bill is very useful and advantageous to the poor farmers who had to sell their production to the brokers as per the price that the broker would no matter what the market rate is
Farmers should not think that he care for them.
one think is revolving  in  my  mind that government is  running by  biggest companies  and recent all bill is favouring them so...on this basis we can say capitalism is spreading  their  leg gradually qhich is ultimately  harmful  for the better  functioning of country  as well as  whole system
Sir g, 3 Bills cancel on paper dedo. Tab kisaan jaynge ghar. Kya pta ye bhi JUMMLA he ho . By the way Votes matters.
U are sooooooo good man plz do it on daily bases becouse Indian media issssssssssss .......shit so we need u and farmers need ur support plz do it bro
Are BJP kuch to suno Farmers ki, 
Being an engineer by profession, Im stuck in this life where I cant do much about my fellow Indians. Least I could do is to request you guys to cover the protests as much as you can. Love from Punjab.
Farmers are not only backbone of every Country, they have well known as our food-kitchens where we get day/night meals, 
This was not a farmer protest from the beginning,,,,
In 30 mins, we understood the FARM bill and the business model of OLA & UBER
Good presentation, but would request you to come up with the current process of procuring the farm produce with the ground realities in mind, the bargaining power or price tactics of the corporates and then analyze whether the current farm bills are addressing those concerns or difficulties. Another point to keep in mind is the majority of the farmers i would say 95% of the farmers do not come under the category of large farmers and are struggling in the day to day lives. Another part of the bill is in relation to farmer can challenge the legal contract only upto the SDM level. Also, in case of any advance to farmer would be settled through land revenue act.
1.Why Modi govt has not given provision to farmers to go to court in case of dispute??? And farmers cannot file case in court against any official involved(SDM + bureaucrats)??
What is the bill that is going on punjab , Farmer that he is doing Protest, why is the government not doing it?, You make another video on this too 
Even I support farmers I belong to farmers family,but whole world is polarised and everyone shows what suits thr ideology. Truth is now just a version of individual.
Request Delhities to come in full support of farmers on Jan 26 March
we pray for each and every farmer in subcontinent 
* "Our farmers deserve praise, not condemnation; and their efficiency should be cause for gratitude, not something for which they are penalized.
Sooner or later the laws are needed. Sorry the Jat farmers are not able to understand the laws.
This is a great victory for our farmers against the government. Feels like we have won against dictatorship.
India belongs to the people of India, it's farmers,it's common man and not to four Gujaratis that is ambani, Adani,modi,amit shah...
A big slap on those who told this wasn't a farmers protest. 
farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees( 3% to market yard improvement, 3% to
As a banker it was long realised that contract farming is the only way to increase income of farmers but need is to enforce contracts fairly and time bound manner.
These farms laws were actually good for india
Its in farmers hand how and where and when they want to see. Till they dont come into any agreement with the private organisation regarding their growing of vegetations. They can sell according to themselves if they are free from any binding. Its on farmers if they want to sell to any government bodies or anywhere in net. Farmers should decide completely in their moves. If according to the new bill they want to sell their product in any private organisations its on them. They can sell according to future rates or according to present rates thats should depend on them totally. Every profits gain should go to them. A government body should be formed which can look after the private mandis trade. There should be a government and 2 parties understanding where it should be memtioned about their future activities. The body should be given complete freedom to support and help the farmers and protect their gain or interests of anyway. It should be a clear transparency where state and central government should be earning by taxes and other means both in sarkari mandis or private. So government have to come into 2 job, thats providing safety and security and protection of farmers interests of anytype plus 2ndly to gain taxes in the mandis. It requires few clarification and changes in the law and the farmers can improve their vegetation and produce more keeping workers and labourers under them.
Im from India. Believe me no one supports these rioters. Keep calm, just educate urself over the bills.
Not a single question about mask and social distancing? Samdish bhai dar Gaye kya farmers se?
This is a moment of shame and regret as an Indian because these laws were actually good for small time farmers and removed the monopoly of middle men. In fact these laws have been advocated by Congress party before Modi. The huge cry and outburst was from middle men.
We r with farmers ...government should bend
This moves if implemented will bring huge support from 20-35 yrs old job seekers and middle class and poor before UP PUNJAB UTTARAKHAND ELECTIONs
Need to support farmers
Captain Sahib Provoked all the Farmers to Protest and Come to Delhi.
My prayers and gratitude to all farmers on earth. May you be granted justice. May the earth grant you justice. May you be avenged. May you prosper.
Farmers should not forget the death of 700+ farmers and murder of few by BJP minister.
The same fate happened to Australian farmers, deregulation of the dairy market in the 2000s with milk prices, the small size farms could not make ends meet against the big corporations who have dominance on pricing. From 88% in Victoria state in 1983 with deregulation in the 2000s to just 33 % now as dairy farms collapsed. Minimum Support Price also is not mentioned in the law bills, so it can turn too horrible for farmers.
Literally like a bolly movie.. Just that some people hate the heroes here.. Great respect for the Farmers community.
As Mr Modi said, new country cannot be run with Older laws, makes sense now. Farmer aur Consumer ke bich main honestly abb Aarti Nahi chaiye ...  In MP, farmers sells Brinjal for INR 2 and Society ke bahar THele Wala sells it for INR 40.. Yea jo bich main log hai na, yea mere  aur aapke paise se apne bachho ko US bhej kar expensive education dilwarahe hai.. Just look at the news channels.. Inte mote mote Log protest kar rahe hai.. Arey bhai, asli farmer to dubla patla hota hai.. Yea super healthy mote mote brokers kaun hai TV par ? Zamindar ?
such price reference may be linked to the prevailing prices in specified APMC yard or
You are the best. You are side of farmer and truth.
Thambnail is wrong this is not "tanj" its is a victory message included tribute of farmers please have look before write thambnail
Farmers said that their agitation is not politically driven 
Thank you for covering this. Except for 1 point, the violence was not done by the protesting farmers but by some mischief maker to discredit the farmers protest. This guy has his picture on Facebook with Top BJP leaders. The protest followed the route agreed with the police but media didn't cover that.
India owes you a lot Ravish ji
what else could we expect from this godi media which is not showing the viral video in which farmers killed by running car over them.
Victory for Farmers 
Trevor pls talk abt Indian vaccines. India has delivered 22.9 million vaccines to 20 countries and Indians indigenous vaccine Covaxin has shown clinical efficacy of 81% against UK variant. Why no one is talking abt this? The vaccine u will take Trevor could also be made in India.
Please support kishan aandolan
another blow farmer can give to governments and industrialists... insist agricultural income to be taxed like any other income..
Deepest respect for the farmer brothers and sisters!
This Modi Govt wants to operate like a Trader/Businessman, and,not like a Social institution. Simply handover the profit-making govt institutions to corporates like r trying with MTNL, BSNL, Railways, Air-India etc etc
Just one question. If existing bills are so beneficial to farmers, then why farmers situation is so poor in India. And if farmers situation is poor now then we should try something. This BJPs bill have some loop holes. But everyone is talking about negative points. No one has focussed on pros. Opposition should try to neglect that loop holes by giving some ideas to BJP govt. If they don't have any, then they should stop misleading farmers. No government is pure soul. But one point is, no any government will try to push farmers to let them suicide..... Think about it twice
Actually it was an awareness issue and opposition fueled sentiment of poor villager sentiment that Government want to grab farmers land.
I support farmers but please dont make this about Sikhs or Punjabis. 40% of Punjabis are Hindus in India too and Haryangis have equally been protesting hard. Farmers of different religion across India in Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan etc have been protesting, however they just don't have the luxury of being right next to Delhi so they dont get international media coverage.
Coming after success of farmer 
I am against their demand to waive loan as maximum people known to me avail loan (farming) knowing that it will be waived off and the loan amount is never used for farming purpose
No Farmer No Food 
These r our educated and well informative farmers
How about creating local associations of farmers like the farmers societies here and then making contracts, negotiating with MNCs , and also nation wide trading?? If so, then it will be a huge exposure right ? An association like Amul whatsay?
Of course farmers protest is illegal full of violence and haughtiness. Govt.of India is also insensitive. Scrap agril bill if it is unacceptable to farmers. Create jobs,alleviate poverty. A day may come when jobless and hungry people would create the same scenario.
Every body listern actual situation of India is very critical.... modiji tried to sale whole country to corparetes... please support our poor farmers 
It is NOT about farmers..it is about anti-PRIVATIZATION of local  agri businesses for survival of local logistics jobs - cleaning grain.. transportation, storage, distribution...  flour making, roti making factories... alcohol industries, fears of collapse of Mandi businesses.
Farmers here and union leaders here back up modis plan to diversify the options and bring in capital from private players due to the pathetic support structure and MSPs that are offered here by tge state govt. Unlike tgat offered in punjab and haryana.
Won't MSP lead to excess produce? Farmers can produce how much ever quantity they want and govt will be forced to buy them? Shouldnt the market decide the price instead?
4. As you discussed, farmer can sell there goods anywhere,  so why this reform if already govt have eNAM scheme.
Great work done by farmers. After killing so many people now they are saying sorry. How shameful is that
Its disgusting how police drove over farmers. Like wtf!? India is horrible since 2017. I gotta leave this place.
I am actually disappointed that this video is not dubbed in multiple languages to create awareness at rural grass root level among farmers.
Were they able to convince demonitisation  to public,before and after it.sorry.this is not first instance,they have taken u turn earlier also.in farmer land bill.
Everything was fine before but at the end when he compare telephone internet charges with farmer bill it's weird as I stay in Europe and entire Europe use the same process, all big companies buy from farmers and they sale under big umbrella and both the people are happy. Also it's needed transform India.
Essential commodities (amendment) act doesnt benefit farmers. It will increase prices of food stuff like flour, oil, processed rice etc. not the actual food grain that the farmers sell. Bill seems farmer friendly due to context that the govt. is bringing it in, reality is that it only benefits the traders (bicholiyas).
These 3 laws were the opportunity for small farmer to sell the crops at higher prices
India needs capitalism. The socialist framework had almost made the country bankrupt in the 90s.  Time for farmers to enter and benefit from a free market economy.
Govt. & Farmer leader(who also wants msp in old video i have seen).
This jahil ticket and his group will not stop untill they get focus and election ticket.... Thier sponsorers giving money for this expensive agitation do not want to stop this agitation.... Most the farmers are against this protest like us... If these rich jahil farmers do not leave the border court must intervine and kick these idiots out of our delhi border...
Lakhimpur Kheri.But why does it remain silent on those who were brutally lynched  to death by the  farmers? Why this patent discrimination? i
farm bills with some changes will result in the best results
6.  The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer.
Thank you very much for talking about Indian farmers appreciate you 
this video feels a bit one sided, showing only the farmers side and not how this policy might affect other things like food prices for example, which might be beneficial to the average consumer.
MEDAMJI APKO PUNJAB ME 120 + JAHRILI SHARAB PINE SE MARE TAB KAYO CHUP BJP KO ENKO NDA SE KICK OUT KARNA CHAHIE......
Aftr this rakesh tikait losse his job tf.
I support my govt farm law and Modi 
I want all urbanites opposing freedom of farmers to from now onwards restrict themselves to sell their services only to their local govt offices.
Modi has full support from our media just like Biden has of yours.
Everyone should know about the real meaning of these bills before commenting on farmers and I guess media is not doing their homework properly and have forgotten to give news being neutral. Khud hi judge ban k faisla sunate hain. bill to media k liye lana chahiye as they are biased without knowing and showing the actual facts to the public.
There's nothing controversial about the farm laws brought by Modi govt. Ironically, these farm laws were in the election manifesto of the very political parties who are opposing them now. These farm laws are sacred & solely aimed at benefiting the real farmers, not the goons you watch on tv who are disguised as farmers & are murdering, raping, destroying law & order, wrecking havoc in the name of protest. This mayhem is only limited to the 3 northern states of Punjab, Haryana & western part of Uttar Pradesh. Farmers of the Rest of country have no problems about these laws because these laws will potentially eliminate middle men who are taking away major portion of the farmers income from agricultural produce. It's an elaborate propaganda run by the opposition parties in India aimed at defaming Modi & India because they couldn't defeat Modi in elections & they'll never defeat him in the future too. BBC is a star endorser of these types of fake agitations because they're paid a ton load of money. Anti India forces like china, pakistan, khalistanis are heavily invested in these types of fake agitations & opposition parties in India are fully cooperating with such forces. They want to destabilize the country & they're doing quite well so far. I'm shocked to see the comments here in support of this fake agitation. It makes me realize how effectively this malicious propaganda is being run & managed. No one knows the truth. They're peddling lies after lies. These same people ran the fake black lives matter campaign, which was a sham by the way.
Love Farmers From Pakistan 
new MODI GAME to win next election....
29:00 The way the farmers asking food to samdish show the sweetness and love of these peoples
Le kisan - hold my tractor
Punjab contributes in huge propositions to agriculture industry (most by any state) so obviously they have to lead from front in #farmerprotests #bread basket of india punjab
Just one thing to mention here, as you said there should be one intermediary between company & farmers. what are the chances that the intermediary will not treat farmers as traders are doing?
Untill CAA you were going good. There after Petrol Diesel LPG price hike and then Farm laws were your blunder. What you sow you will reap.
They have private mandi in Bihar and up , you can go check no one is giving them msp doesnt matter you are a big farmer or a small one and in India 85% farmers are small farmers so this is basically bills for the corporations . Eventually in 3-4 years apmc mandis will gone if these bills stays that means no more msp . This year msp for rice was 1980 but in up and Bihar because of the private mandi farmers only got 800 or 900 rs. Thats what will happen in Punjab and Haryana because of these laws.
Fir se modi jikega to fir se law pass koregi...so voters be carefull
Unbiased, simple explaination, real issues, satisfying answer to the issue  Need to binge watch this channel and someone please make this man an official mediator between Farmers and Govt 
Can someone answer me how India didn't go through a period where there was no food when these protests were held? This protest was not throughout India but just Punjab, real farmers were on the farms not in the protest. Even if you see the secretive interviews of farmers, they didn't have an idea about what the laws were. The same law that could have helped the Haryanvi farmers who were in favor, how it could be negative for Punjab farmers? How come the leaders of these farmers group start to contest in elections and still hate every laws that modi creates? Rakesh tikait even said he would protest if modi didnt complete their other demands which their state govt couldnt complete.
If there is a flaw in newly introduced system, what was the benefit of old the system? Did our farmers became the richest farmers of the world? Everyone knows that only middlemen became rich through APMC even though there was MSP and many times even MSP at so low where farmers had to bear the loss. Our farmers became more poorer with the old system. So if earlier governments tried with APMC which was also a failure, why can't this current government try something new? We know this current government tried things which were never done before and unfortunately some of them did not work as per the expectation of this so called Librandoos. But this is the life and how human being evolved.
worst case ending: we'd be seeing documentaries about how Punjab was once this agricultural heart land of India. Greed is destroying humanity.
I feel for the farmers and admire their resolve to protest. At the same time, India needs serious farming reform. Most countries have modernized farming with high productivity, but India is still stuck in the past. As you mentioned, 600 million people farming in a land much smaller than the US tells you how inefficient things are in India. Too many handouts and poor policies have kept this going. Land degradation is also a problem. I just wish the government had done a better job of discussing with the farmers and getting their buy-in to transition to a more productive future. The heavy handed and poorly thought out approach is not a good way to go.
In this hyper-politicised world, it's not surprising that a major reform by a popular majoritarion government will have such a response. India is a democracy and everybody has a right to protest when an unfavorable law is thrusted upon an individual or community. Which brings me to an important point that was missed in this video -- Is this law so bad there is only a certain faction of farmers affected by it? Or why aren't there protest in other parts of India (to this scale)?
But msp gives an uneducated small land owners guaranteed price,  msp should also be included in the bill
Let me tell you that laws aren't bad but MSP must be made legal. Even Modi said it before 2014 that MSP must be  legalised
It is important that the South of Vindhyas is informed about the details of the Farm Bills and how they are going to harm the farmers' interests. While the country is vast, it is necessary that the sizeable Southern part is not left uninformed. There seems to be little awareness in the States  of AP, Karnataka and Tamilnadu or even in Kerala. In Telangana, CM KCR is repeatedly announcing that his Government wont implement the new Farm Bills as they go to harm the interests of farmers. Excepting this, there is little commotion in Southern States. Generating opinion in Southern States will be an important element for the success of farmers. Country shall speak with one voice. Or else there will be doubts about the reasons and motives of the movement.
Thank you. Super interesting. Good luck to the Farmers.
How contract farming could be against farmers ? No 1 is forcing farmer to make contact with any compani..those who trust could make aggrement and those who dont trust contract famring don't involve into it...it only provide farmer with a extra choice..its totally upto them weather to have a comtract or not..what was there to portest  in contract farming?
Man, some Indian's gonna get so butthurt seeing this video both pro farmer and pro government..
If govt really wants to improve the condition of farmers then why not it increase the price of msp and make it a legal right
Since when did a free market become a bad thing?  Farmers in India shy away from growing organic produce and choose to grow sub-standard GMO crops because of MSP. Since they know the quality is of no relevance, any quality is supported by the government promised minimum support price. A free market leads to competition amongst producers, better investments in products which are relevant to market demand (take the example of avocado across the world), sustainable profitability for producer and also better quality product at a better price for the consumer. A product like rice cannot be monopolized by a large corporate, because if that is true then Amul has already monopolized the milk industry in India. Are the milk producers getting fair value for their product? Yes, because if Amul won't pay the local producers a fair price someone else will, or the milk producers will sell directly to the customer, which they do even now. The farmer protests are based on fear-mongering and unfortunately, a small percentage of educated class is also standing in their support out of confirmation bias, just because it gives them an opportunity to reaffirm their hate towards a political ideology.
If farmers are in trouble then so are me and you
Issues Raised by The Farmers & Opposition
Plz make a Vedio on current farmers protest   again
7. We all know the predatory nature of private companies. Two things to know-- agriculture product is perishable and should be sold within 21 days. second faemers are not very rich to have their own cold storage. Also they need money for next season. This thing can be exploited by private companies by forming cartels. We all l know very well the businedd model of JIO, first give some offers and then exploit them. we cant let the some happen with our farmers. 
Rember when pepsico sued farmers for growing potatoes?
Pakistan should help us just like india helped bengladeshies in 1971. Come on Pakistan, this is your turn.
We support farmers 
Opposition says its opinion was denied, but there's a video of Kapil Sibbals speech in the parliament speaking abt the removal of middleman. Also Congress had included removal of dependence on APMCs in their manifesto.
Bhai agar PM ko farmers ki padi hoti toh bhaut time pehle yeh laws repeal krliye hote na ki elections aane se pehle dar ke maare krne pade. Yeh news vale har baat pe Master stroke bolna band kro
This below average comedian is obsessed with india and indians.
Its a victory not only of farmers but Indian democracy as a whole. Jai Kisan.
The party in opposition (socialist party) offers free bees for farmers before every election, 
King of India modi love you 
Sugar coated poison pills this is the reality of farm Bills
Narendra Modi defied oath of Constitution, Parliament majority for laws for greater public needs, present and future, against dharma of parliamentary democracy , how the govt misused its numbers in Parliament to frame 3 laws against farmers, now govt saying to stay for 1-2 yrs, means laws undesired, framed to satisfy needs of corporates, not farmers, if all not coming on roads to overthrow this govt, our future locked for always by East India Company 2!
  video by genuine person to understand new farmer law
Recently vodafone has win a case against india government. Can you plz explain that
farmers are protesting for the livelihood of all people. Many understand and some don't understand this. If there is no farmers, then there is no agricultural development and not even food for all. Withdraw the new laws and support farmers without smashing them..
If there will be a farmer's office in every grampanchayat which will provide farm soil testing, collect data of farms, making farmers to grow different type of crops , organic farming. 
Let consider reliance (remember jio bulldozer marketing tactics) company buy all future rice bags at a fair price from farmers in India  ,  which is not yet to seeded. Which create artificial scarcity in future using it he keep higher prices than MSP which led to chaos in buyer and where let to a shortage in government state-run reaction stores poor people can't eat their meals.
Do u all know, govt. Openly requested farmers to come and discuss, which line in farm law they think is bad, govt will remove it.
Your information is good but it is incomplete. U hv missed out many points which the govt has put to safeguard the farmers.  
Must say punjabi have unity they support each other no matter what ..
Good evening sir. if our crop production is reduced due to the shades of beside farmer planted taku trees along side his field, is there any crop loss assessment can we get from him and which is the act that resolves my problem?
Pls visit a mandi to see how the same functions; operational inefficiency, exploitation of farmers by well entrenched commission agents (who work under big politicians), no channeling of market fees collected in development of mandis, and so on. 
Farmers must not stop. Keep Marching. 
Bakht has make this video. There must be some problems with the bills that is why so many farmers are protesting to withdrawl this bill, Think about it.
I don't understand why farmers let Ashish Mishra go from that place and why did they beat his driver and other people only. Itni bheed me usko akeleko jane kyo diya baki sabko peeta to?
They were all khalistani no real farmers.. N sachi main farmer hote.. Abhi tak modi bye bye... Ho gaya hota.. 
2. If government passing this bill for helping the farmers then why government isn't listening them?
This amendment was necessary for small and marginal farmers. I am feeling sad for them
Make a video on loopholes of Farm bill.
Kisaan logo ko bhi bech sake aur msp, apmc aur welfare provisions dono hone chahiye
We will not give up our struggle until we gain independence from india in the form of Khalistan.
Please ask that almond farmer who does he sell his produce to?
From your last suggestion you ask farmers to break laws
Farmers r dying. Modi is danger for the region
U can kill farmers but u can't kill thier purpose
1. Might lead to hoarding and black marketing. (Majority of the farmers are S&M, storing their own crops can be a tough task, on the other hand the revision of EC list can give Corporates an upper hand to Store & Manipulate the price to their benefit)
Hopless BBC  ... Now u see gud in it. Why don't u published such interviews from last one year. Which  help farmers to understand it better
Proud of our indian farmer
Moreover this act is in power in Bihar since 2006, why their farmers are came to Delhi, Mumbai, Gujarat or Punjab for labour,
Farmer is free to sell his produce in every corner of this country even before these laws, nothing new in that. 
No one is there to listen what a farmer wants.
Maturity from a leader's point. Still farmers are at loss here.
1st bill...globalisation in india
And why MSP as a law......You supported this shit also......
Also comparable to the current reform is the economic reform brought by Manmohan Singh(then finance minister of India). If India was too scared of an open market it wouldve collapsed. Similarly if Indian farmers are too scared of an open market theyll collapse.
Why government is not doing anything.......why not doing anything to that minister son who murdering farmers........why type of government is this?..........
*Modi logic:* _"We're going to double the income of farmers by making poor rural farmers with no business experience compete in an open market with eachother to sell their products to large private companies... I'm sure this will end well for them"_
But still farmers are not ending their protests they should end it. If the PM has said it these laws will be repealed
2nd CORRECTION:You have not done your homework.Your facts are derived from sponsored mediums for which I dont blame you. But really is different so plz update your details from this answer. The reason buyer are not buying at MSP w.r.t. to Haryana Punjab is that FCI has a cap on moister content in the grains to buy at MSP.Foodgrsin purchase is not denied to farmer but price is discounted in proportion to the amount of moisture percentages in grains. I dont deny that few traders might be using wrong practices but that doesnt mean whole reader community in APMC is working in as a cartel. Thats impossible thing to happen at first instance.Niether can traders decide price(because bidding committee quality checks grains brought by farmers) nor can farmer withhold farmers income(because his proper J-form get generated and delivered to him).In APMC purchase/bidding committee is from buyer like FCI and works at arm length distance from traders. Your figment of imagination is just killing rural SME jobs for no fault of thier bcz theyre competitors of Gujrati corporate houses who want to dusturb age old tried and tested system. Farmer suicides are not because of traders. Like you know your work better then any outsider similarly stakeholders of this resilient grain market are confident of Benita from this system. No Gujrati businessman has any idea of farming but they are just experimenting thier hands in dark . Im sure they along with thier ambassador in govt will soon realise that what they could do in gujrat cant be done outside Gujrat. Jai hind.
im pretty sure that these farmers voted for the government :) can indian friends help?
I was hard core BJP supporter until 2019, but now my views changed.
I'm not from farmers family and also not Punjabi ...but I support farmers ...not farmers no food... This guy - sidhi baat no bkws....
Well done to the Indian Farmers!  Let your voices be heard!
Bro corparates markets needs license from central govt to make deal with farmer so I think u dint include this while explaining
Modi ki bjah s bache kitne samajdar ho gye, congress k raaj m kanche khelte the bacche
6. Farmers need not pay Mandi tax - which is major cause of concern to Punjab & Haryanas Government & Aadtise. However it is beneficial for farmers
1. If Farmers are not getting MSP...then legalized it and make it as punishable offence if any trader trying to buy below of MSP. but govt is making such laws where MSP will out from the picture.
Cant understand why some people still support modi
Every piece of fact shared in here is one sided! Think again, why would markets not receive any incoming farmers produce when it is not even shutdown by government? Because of two things, a) district mandis are being shut unofficially, and / or b) small farmers are fetching better price in open market (even if it has to be just a rupee more than what is earned through mandis).
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABAD
Wtf?? Farmer turn into terrorist 
So clearly explained and now it is crystal clear what the farmers are going through
Tikait defeated Modi hurrre....
For supporting our farmers
Everyone opposed the farmer's law, but what I noticed is young people are hesitating to oppose on mic, where as senior people's voice is clear, loud without hesitation. When we and our generation learn to oppose straight forward.
Great work please helps farmers  indian media and government is against there own citizens
How sad it is .. that FARMERS LIVE IN ONLY 2 BLODDY STATES AND REST ALL FARMERS SUPPORTED IT .
Farmers protesting since past 2 months peacefully no one really acknowledged that Indian media portraying them as terrorist..media is never gonna show how Delhi civilians welcomed farmers!! everyone knows who is responsible for this vilonece, government itself
Landless laborer is the backbone of India, not farmer.
Better lives for farmers and jobs for rural youth.
It's like farmers get 100 USD for 1000 KGs of potatoes while the middlemen control the sale and gets 20 to 30 Percentage on the sale. THESE NEW LAWS WILL CHANGE THIS. These protests are conspired by Middlemen, rich farmers and fueled due to opportunistic opposition leaders who misguiding farmers. 
Another things contract farming price option
You just talk about APMC and monopoly of APMC and shit what about of new bill ma'am.
When you sleep in warm blanket, there are farmers sleeping( protest) out in winter
ONLY CONGRESS CAN SAVE INDIA.
We want the middle men not to loot farmers and consumers..  example farmers sells tomatoes for 3 rs per kg but we consumers get it for 35 rs... WTF
Is he an economist or agent of world bank? How anti-farmer and anti people
I think bjp waana set grounds in punjab with alliance with captain ameinder singh new party or him joining bjp. 
From this explanation, farmers also need to be trained to have better understanding of the best price for their produce instead of keeping our farmers in a perpetual state of ignorance or poor farmers can not handle or understand these legalities or smart applications. WHEN ado we want our farmers to have smarter means apps and appropriate understanding of their own profession?? Do we want them to remain where only Govt decided on the MSP and these middle man play their games with them?? Hope farmers must be given a chance to decide where their interest lies and sell where they want at their negotiated rates. People like you and lawyers who want to give service to farmers must help them to become more independent .
Election show Real Power of Voter and Aukaad Of Leaders..#UP election #Repeal of Farm laws..
Not only u explained farm bills u also taught about business stratergies..
Surely no one will come and buy our wheat and rice at higher price than Mandis, but this would have allowed buyer and seller more closer.
The second challenge that you raised is not a challenge prima faci bcz apmc mandis have not been abolished... 
Absolutely superb song on conclusion of farmers movement
Hello Mr. Blind comedian. first you don't make a statement basing on the stories of  BBC  and Alzazeera. 99 percentage  Indians never believe these media channels.
I couldn't find more honest and well articulated explanation of farm bills.
So Farmer Unions is the answer
You are not alone in the struggles of life. Entire cosmos is with you. It evolves through the way you face and overcome challenges of life. Use everything in your advantage. We support farmers!
Govt is right , i support modi
Kisaan are very true. They or people now never trust this BJP government.
The farm laws which were enacted were 100% correct and BJP knew that..the people livin in punjab those r farmers who r roaming in Porsche n can afford to pay the apmc the Mandi bill but their is not one section in the whole india uk other regions where the people r not that wealthy r unable to pay the bill they can sell it to private companies without paying any tax n when it comes to the thing that if the produce is not that gud somehow then they can sell it to apmc as usual with msp..n the thing that farmers were saying that they were not consulted beforehand..what do u guys think ? Modi ji had a dream last night n decided to implement the law next day..this law has beeen in the process of discussion since decades..
It is not exactly a good bill epecially when produce such as wheat or rice could be turned into hard drinks. Coporates may even think of turning corn into bio fuels and this can cause food shortages. however if farmers do want price discovery they can start forming unions
Stop this nonsense heartless people support farmers
This is one of the best descriptions and summarises exactly my viewpoint. Thanks for a great video. In a nutshell, these bills are going to hurt the pockets of consumers and farmers alike. It feels to me consumers will loose more than farmers.  This will increase blackmarketing, hoarding, and exploitation by big corporations will increase on both sides to increase their profit. Slowly will kill the Mandis, make the federal system weaker. Not a great outlooks for bills and certainly not in favour of them as a consumer. This will increase prices as in the western world. Western world can handle it due to the social security being paid to people but Indian consumers will not be able to handle it. Its a scary scenario unfortunately.
Only in punjab and haryana some farmers are supporting this bill and rest are supporting.
Where why have a off side ,between consumer and Farmer. Because the state and people not give right.
Dude you don't even know what the farm laws are that are being changed and how they effect the farmers and yet you go on taking their side .....like seriously  .....if as you say it affects the farmers then all the farmers in india should protest but in reality only a small percentage is protesting that too because the opposition party is making them protest 
SHUT UP! RAJYA SABHA SEAT MIL JAAYEGI.. U R NO LONGER SUPREME! HAIL MODI/ SHAH! PETROLWAALA PM ZINDABAD!
These type of ministers will be the main reasons for yogi-modi 's downfall in upcoming elections!!
The history will remember them and look back at this glorious unity support farmers
Bro... American govt is putting pressure on INDIA at the WTO to withdraw its subsidies to the farmers and to ensure that the prices are competitive.
Enough is enough! Those who are pretesting they are not farmer at all. They are trying to disturb the peace in the country. They must get punishment.
2. Allows unlimited hoarding of farming produces. The bill allows anyone to store unlimited amount of grains, rice, pulses etc. Now the corporates can store unlimited amount of these essential commodities and manipulate the price in market by manipulating supply. 
With the Technology and New ACTs Actually farmers can be Price makers with online Platform for Farmers to sell their products. 
Punjab should have declared Independent from India and named Punjab(lands of sikhs) as a new country.
Farmers Victory
We know. You cant sell your black rice anywhere but to FCI, which you cant eat, and no one could eat in the world. Would you please not break the rest of the country farmers back for the sake of selling your not usable crop to the government.
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Long live Kisan Long live AAP Long live Honest and best CM Arvind Kejriwal All the best AAP 
I feel your explanations are diluted, incomplete and misguiding the gullible Indian masses. For the point where you mention that the bill creates an authority to settle disputes arising from contract farming. The new bill proposes to end the appel process with SDM, by making the farmers waive their rights, whereas uptil now any citizen could always depend upon judiciary of the country to protect their rights. The first law ends the appeal right at executive level of a government, which is placed by the government and will bound to be biased with ruling government's benefactors, the corporates funding their elections.
The truth is fewer farmers = more food. India has far too many farmers and very small average land holdings. More arable land than the US and far less production.
Sengupta saheb...even in your Bengal contract farming is happening....you want to deprive those farmers?
Other states did not get the opportunities as Punjab and Haryana  but time has changed and   all other states can produce as much as  the states like Punjab and Haryana. As there are no opportunity for marketing, the farmers don't want to produce as they want. Contract farming is a good suggestion.  Inter state businesses will give the farmers a great opportunity .
*If farmers lose, we all lose*
Police must join with farmers, your brothers.
Lack of knowledge from farmers side cant be blamed on government. They should fight for themselves of laws are made for them
Always with farmers 
You tell 'reformer modi',shame you as economist, not for farmer law but for note-baned.Indian economy suffering till now.
ZModi surrendering to Khalistais on the birthday of Guru Nanak is a bigger cruel joke to all the real farmers
Shame on this so called farmers for what they did in red fort
Stay strong Indian Farmers... You are keeping our democracy alive.. The bills were passed without discussion during the lockdown and in pandemic crisis hurriedly without consulting with any one.
Good work Farmers  good new's chanal good work
In essential commodities Bill cereals , pulses , oilseeds , edible oils, onion and potato are removed from the category of  essential commodities
Msp minimum support price of corn in Bihar is 1850 but they sale at 650 because apmc discontinued in 2006
Truly they were not hindu muslim sikh they were farmers,the last time British United Indians the same way .
And last but not the least we need dbt instead of subsidies ammonia or any other particular fertilizer or electricity . We need to trust farmers to decide what's best for their land. Government should directly deposit Subsidy amount to farmers account depending upon the land and crop * let them decide.
Such a Passionate Community (#farmer)
This is defeat of Corporates n Victory of Farmers ! PROUD OF MY FARMER BROTHERS N SISTERS , I Salute their Valor for their rights
The initial point about who control Mandi. But fair estimates around 370 political families control all APMC Mandi in India. Yes just 370 families control food supply of 1/6th human population on the planet. 
Rest of the country is fine with this bill....only farmers from Punjab are dragging others to protest..... They are creating a ruckus by blocking roads ... And trying to gain sympathy by saying things like 'we feed the nation'...no u get paid for it ..it's not some charity ... Punjabi farmers are the richest in the country they are doing a great job when it comes to projecting themselves as wannabe victims
So why is it that punjabi farmers are only revolting, is farm bill limited to punjab ? What about farmers all over india ! Why they aren't revolting  open market is best thing for farmers as apmc are controlled by the traders and so indian farmers are poor as they are dependent on this apmc system its just now that the bill will make them independent to sell anywhere.
New update: farmers lost 70 crore this year due to contract farming in nashik. Corporates dint pay the farmers after exporting the goods.
These are big farmers or called them zamindar who only protest against farm laws
Who cares..We all know that this is more like a political protest...n not a farmers protest...Shameless creature wan this to be continued...
No more govt support of MSPs - Farmers at the whims of market/corporates
Farmer law should leave on the decision of state government.
 farmers in Andhra and Telangana are in worse conditions but no one wants to protest because the state has broken their confidence from the root. Shame on dirty politics.
She's showing what a third rate character she is. This entire episode seems to be a conspiracy by useless opposition in desperate attempt to defeat Yogiji. They can try. Yogiji is our best CM!
Thanks BBC news....shame on modi government...I stand with farmers...jai hind
I don't think they're really farmers. They're not less than terrorists
thanks for support farmers brother
If Farmers will not leaving we also fon not talking food.
Bcz most of the people who are explaining this matter are biased and have no idea about the real situations of farmers. 
It's a victory for the Indian people
5) In the existing APMC system, it is mandatory for farmers to go through a trader (via Mandis) so as to sell their produce to consumers and companies and they receive  MSP (Minimum Selling Prices) for their produce. It was this very system that has influenced the riseto a cartel led by traders and uncompetitive markets due to which the farmers are paid lower prices than MSP set by govt for their produces. So, in a way these farm bills will destroy the monopoly of govt run markets.(ie APMC)
Jai javan jai kisaan....  A big win win for indian and india's democracy thank you farmers....
The copper cannot be a farmer.  Big fat lie 
#ISupportFarmers #NoFarmerNoFood
All farmer be unity and destroy AMBANI AND ADHANI  petrol  pump  stations ...and destroy only the the corporate company property is better...then we will get good result
Govt. Must have to create such regulatory who will support legally to the farmers @FOC against the big corporate
2: Its just farmers from 2-3 north Indian states & not "All" Indian farmers who are protesting. 
Wow, khalistani are there ! Everyone is khalistani in protest! Shame on godi media. Good job Scoop channel for coverage on ground zero !
Farmers loose. Traders win.
We stand by our farmers who are the source of our food without their hardwork we cannot even have a single meal
What a act of Qustion and answer show....the guy looks proper rehearsed....and few portions was beep,,properly they are trying to hide bjp name and put blame on ex Congress minister,,,,shame on UP police......but this was expected............shame shame UP police
Govt. And their agent just focus on farmers freedom.. But this freedom will bring all farmers under the control of big corporate. 
Farmers are protesting. This is really very bad thing for India as they are the backbone lf Indian economy. And we need to support them.
Farmers want high prices for their crop and people simultaneously also want cheap food otherwise they will complain about inflation. What a quagmire this is!
Time to hit where it hurts.. boycott Ambani.... boycott JIO... where is Sunil Mittal..He should offer special rates to all the farmers and convert all JIO customers to Airtel
I am also farmer , I support this act
Hey please do better homework instead of trying to be merely clever. Your peddling half baked stories. Begin with reading the farm laws, their history and the desperate need for them. See how anarchists are making merry while pretending to be farmers.
Punjab and Haryana together collected Rs 2,600 crore  Punjab Rs 1,750 crore and Haryana Rs 850 crore  out of Rs 8,600 crore collected across India as mandi fees alone, of trade in all farm commodities in FY20.
Thank God, there'll be no suiside cases of farmers in the future..
They aren't farmers
Reapeal black laws we are with farmers
If they are asking just to Add. Minimum purchase price what's the problem at least Traders cannot cheat farmers with lower purchase rate
No comments on the major drawbacks of the current state (like corruption in Mandi's). Moving away from Mandi's and middlemen is a must for India (especially for states not in the north). MSP is not possible for all products, eventually markets have to be opened.
Next time farmers shouldn't come and say their incomes are not increasing, and take risk of farming on your own, and commit suicide on failure. All the best farmers.
One correction Meghnaad. Kangana Ranaut called CAA protestors terrorists. Not farmers.
I have a doubt Bihar say mandi system 2006 me abolish hua and we all know the situation there but Punjab and Haryana me abhi bhe hai and people migrate to Punjab from Bihar to work as labours why? Is mandi really that bad? Also dude near my place there is government storage facility of wheat and trust me its rats haven and most of shit is rotten.
No more PARTY POLITICAL SYSTEM in Punjab, U.P. and Utrakhand. PARTIES creates manuplation, exploitation and CORPORATION. Every constituency should form a selection commeties of prominent people to invite interested young, educated, honest, indipenden individual candidates and choose 10 most qualified candidates. Put this names in a box and pick one name in public. For the CM's position repeat the process from the elected MLA's. Wholeheartedly support this candidates to establish a government of the people for the people. Voting for different PARTIES after each term is like from the pot into the fire..
Modi has ruined the very fabric of india which was once the pride of every citizen. a homogeneous country where everyone lived in harmony has turned into a toxic place of identity politics. not to mention, through his draconian practices he is destroying democracy and bending over to the corporations that own him. he is one of the worst things to happen to our country and im glad he is finally being shamed. more power to sikhs and the farmers' movement, i hope these brave people get justice
To me only educated farmers with small businesses, niche development and sincere assistance provided through SMB ministry is the only way, How do you educate these farmers ? maybe some cash in hand will help for starters like if they could be given money like cab drivers got from these companies, but its a strong maybe.
Huge hugee respect  for the farmers!
We all with our Farmers 
I hope you have an idea of the farm laws, firstly please know the map of India! Hope your master aint Mr.Soros ! Please stop spreading fake news against Indias internal matters!
Now this is real The real satyagraha huge respect for the farmers and thank you for feeding us.
Please read the policy of farmer law then decide.
6) What about states other than punjab where these new laws has been accepted. What do farmers from other states feel about these laws.
Political leaders (Pm and State CM), they do not value the needs of the poor; however, they do not realize the money he spends comes from the so-called poor people and farmers. 
Really impressed by the resolve of Sikhs and farmers.... salute to them
I love box documentaries and always thought about it as a gospel of well researched point of view. However, here I am a bit surprised. I belong to farming family. Although I dont know anything about farming, I do talk to my parents and other farmers in the village about issues. People being so passionate about Mandi are the ones who benefit from it by rigging prices and colluding. Pretty much every politician gets a cut from Mandi income. You know how much the guy who does auction gets? 6% of the sale on both buying and selling side. So he makes 12% in probably less than 30 min. Most of the PhDs dont make that money in US. All this cost gets passed down to consumers. If you want to know what the farm bill is all about then ask consumers also. They will tell you better. For 1 kg of wheat farmers likely makes about 7 Rs but consumers pay about 25-30 Rs. Read the bill and then make conclusions. Free market is always better be it left or right wing. It is absurd that I can grow wheat but I cant sell to anyone except Mandi. How ridiculous is that? Also the prices will stabilize because of this bill and not fluctuate. Onion in India is right now 80 Rs a kg. In normal times people dont want to buy it for free also. So this is what Mandi system gave for so long. Please do research. Dont get sound bites from people on the street.
Jaise pehle congress bill la rhi thi tb bjp oppose ki thi
Is it must be controlled by Adhani... I heard he made this bills. Even the debates in the parliment is not done properly and in dubious manner. Now govt willing to delay the implementation for 1.5 years. Might as well draw a new bill by having dialogue with thw farmers union.
Farmers have been committing suicide in India since the 1990s. What is the govt doing to help them? And why didn't the govt talk to the farmers before passing the Farm Bills? Is India a democracy anymore?
Why can't politics admit their mistakes? The laws were against farmers!!
First the CAA and now the Farmers protest. You can clearly the face of BJP govt.
7:40 congress ko dikkat kyun? Why are you involving politics as you said earlier we don't support any political parties. 
One state halted the progress of all the country's farmers
Again a setback for developing india. This is the biggest problem of democracy. If people can't change then how can country change. This group of farmers shouldn't get any government facilities.
The reforms were made for 1.3 billion people of India and will only be taken down if they all demand it. Not by some arhtiya's who are habitual of eating away the profit of farmers.
India need better infra, cold chain storage , all India mandis.
Worst exploited section of all. Did anyone heard of a manufacturer or producer handicap of fixing prices for their productions? Farmers are those who cannot set a fair price for their products even if they had spend 100/kg  market could simply pull it down to 2/kg while selling. Whereas from soaps, powders to razers that are less affected by risks and rise in raw material prices hike its finished products price by 30-50% without hesitation.  
6 . All this thing incentive every farmer special in Punjab haryana west up to produce more and more wheat and rice , because govt procure them they have gowdown infra where these thing will rot in abundance because write now India holding 3 times the grains it need to secure it's food security , govt pay for this rot via subsidy via msp , power subsidy , pesticides subsidy ...etc all these subsidies to help farmer 
# I stand with farmers.
Its a strategic withdrawal. Note the emphasis on small farmers. Some policies have been introduced.  1. Direct payment to farmers. 2. More Mandis 3. Sell to whom you want. 4. Cash transfer soon after delivery. It is the big middle men who were going to loose. Unfortunately FCI is still on the hook to buy all of Punjab and neighbouring states rice and wheat produce.
According to liberandis and farmer lovers, now this will solve the problems related to farmers and they'll stop committing suicide.
We're with farmers
   c. Other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess 
You are witnessing corporate greed growing under BJP. Where are all the public sector companies now? Could the government not do the overhaul of the existing Mandi system and make it viable for the farmers across India to get a minimum support price as a legal guarantee punishable by crime? If the farmers get this minimum rates guarantee backed by legal right, it would help cover their costs and offer a reasonable margin. Would that not have sufficed? What is it that the private sector can do and the public sector can't?
After punjab and haryana becomes desert hope they will come for protest again .
Haven't read the dispute resolution process wherein farmers can even file a complaint to the officer of joint secretary lvl and they have to respond within 90 days??!
My father was a farmer and my whole family  still depend on Agriculture. I request All Indians to support farmers .Jai jawan jai kisan.
3. INDUSTRIALIZATION: it may not be agriculture itself but can surely improve the life of a lot of people who were in farming previously as it will create job opportunities for millions to come out of agriculture and shift into comparatively higher value manufacturing as service sector is legendary bad at providing enough job opportunities especially to a population as large as ours (I hope you can relate it to india) and agriculture though extremely important for "LIFE" is very bad as a source of "LIVELIHOOD" so we should focus at trying to improve productivity of a farmer so that less and less farmers can also feed the nation and shift the rest into comparatively higher value manufacturing industry.
700 farmers got died  do not forgive and forget him .
The reforms in agriculture is necessary and the reformation can be change the life of farmers
Consumers who were going to hit severely by Farm Laws along with Farmers failed to understand the consequences of Laws . Consumers were required to support farmers who remained as silent watchers. We need to help farmers in all respect in future so that even such laws should not effect.
*GOODBYE BJP GOODBYE YOGI JI FROM UP & GOODBYE MODI JI IN 2024* 
Now opposition parties will be suspicious of this repeal and may start nation wide protest to reinstate atleast till the elections get over!! Jai Hind 
It's just for the time being. As soon as up elections gets over they'll pass the same bill again
UP turning into north korea....shame on yoge sarkar....sad to see jaliawala bagh akine incident even after Britishers fled...RIP brave farmers...your sacrifices wont go in vane.
Punjabi farmers are going to beg for the same laws that they have protested against.
First of all MSP is not same all the states today. Just research on wheat, so as to make it easy for u. Pick wheat btw haryana and UP, it will tell u that MSP is not same, so does the current system creates Monopoly. And secondly, aaj bhi farmer apna produce doosri states me bechte hain. For ex, farmers from Haryana still sell their sugarcanes to mills of UP.
It is more than one month since  farmers agitation started. Till date there is no any issue of any vegetable, rice, wheat availability in the market. 
Farmer should sit at Jantar Mantar protest site instead of blocking the roads and highways 
so happy for our farmmers  brothers. kishan bhaiyo ko Naman salam krty haiHat's off kishan bhaiii
I dont understand why our government wants to implement a law for the farmers , which the farmers doesn't want for themselves 
Shame on modi govt...who is heartless for Indians
India stands with BJP. Not with middlemen. Whole nation is behind Narendra Modi.
You are misunderstood and misinformed Trevor. Modi is a good guy...he is trying his best to make this 3rd world country into a developed nation. I like you. But when you try to spread misinformation like this then I would personally hate you. Get your information right and stop trying to make quick videos to gain audience. People could get manipulated easily...so please...be responsible. Indians are not only huge in numbers but are also very innocent. They have been manipulated by the opposition party and have since then gone wild. We are a country struggling to get basic amenities already and we don't need you to spread further hatred. So get your facts right and then make a god damn video about it. I know you...you can do it....Jeez
Sir i want to add one more point here...... On papers these bill are like a long pending reforms but the ground reality (mainly i am talking about small farmers)  is that farmers have mainly two time income in a year. Somewhere it is three too but mainly they got money twice a year. But expenditure is not limited to twice a year. There are school fees every month, they also have to buy ration, medical expenses, on festival times, marriage n many more. These farmers are dependent on middleman (aadhtis) for money throughout the year. For sure private companies will not lend money to farmers in advance if farmer has any unforeseen situation like if a farmer need money very urgently his or her family member is hospitalized ( god forbid), here aadhtis help them although they charge rates higher but atleast farmer got money at that specific time. This is how the life of small n marginal farmers actually is.
Congratulations to brave farmers
We need to understand that  Msp is still not there . Yes it's victory time so I refer the poem oh captain my captain to Deshbhakt family . As we have lost around 700 mens in this . A tribute to their families.  
Now farm bills are up to states matter. Both Congress, local party ruled states and BJP ruled states will modify the bill and implement as per their needs, time and context. Ultimate victory has to be for producer. Its a bill demanded to ruling government irrespective of its party. Till then Agriculture reforms will keep on coming with re-packaging.
4. Only 6% of farmers sell their produce at MSP, majorly the big farmers of Punjab & Haryana. Rest 86% of farmers are small and marginal.
We have people lecturing farmers on how to farm when Agriculture sector is the only sector with positive growth rate in India, and Farmers still employ 42%+ Indians trying to help during times of highest recorded unemployment in over 4 decades in India in a failing Indian economy.
Just like what happened with Potato farmers in Idaho :(
Full support farmers protect
Punjab elections are to be held in 14 months from now. Perhaps this agitation has been engineered to whip up emotions with these elections in mind. 
Yes  this is  Modiji"s master strick , BJP wines more sites in future
Why dont you guys come back then? Enjoying first world economy and wanting to suppress Indias progress has been an age old Khalistani agenda
They are the Indian Taliban.
Any idea, what percentage of the farmers sell their produce in APMCs?
Yeah its right . I felt like farmer should to be more responsible when these laws are implemented. Are they afraid of responsibility?? And with great power comes great responsibility.
If this was a peaceful protest, the country wouldn't have been vandalized, police officers wouldn't have been murdered by the farmers tractors on the nation's capital, lady police officers wouldn't have been beaten and raped by these peaceful farmers!
People don't want to pay more from their pocket for vegetables,  but speak about farmers profit.
i advised please make this video in hindi than english ,,, than only you can reach the average hindi speaking farmers ...
Always support farmers 
The big farmers who have 100 of acres land are happy but small farmers always reamin behind because of these big businessman farmers 
Law should be faver of farmer 
I love my Indian farmer 
Jo bhi laws ke favour mie h uske paas yahi reason h .. government ne kiya h to kuch soch kr kiya hoga  ya fir supreme court ne kuch kiya to soch kr kiya hoga .. Areee bhai kya socha hai?? Hadd h andh bhakti ki bhi .  Pr jo log against h laws ke unke pass jao vo 10 reason de denge .  support farmers or else everyone will suffer.
3.  In 2019 farmers can't sell their produced rice/wheat/vegetables etc out side of
Govt. Should consider or atleast listen to the farmers, covid situation during election doesn't exist and the example is hyderabad election rally ....The ruling party busy in election campaign but please take out some time for our farmers ....they are the soul of our country
Respect for all the farmers
Atleast this govt had thought of implementing new bills for the welfare of farmers hope these loopholes will be addressed soon.
"We are proud vegetarians and yet ran over farmers who grew our vegetables."
Not to stir up a hornet's nest here, but can someone explain why only the farmers in Punjab and Haryana are protesting? Are the laws only affecting them? Don't we have farmers across India, and why aren't they protesting?
By cutting out the middlemen and selling directly to the private sector wouldn't that mean more money for the farmers ?
This bill had many advantages to farmers.. with the direct intervention of private players will reduce the chance of wastage of crop grown... This will improve the technology investment in farming that reduces the burden for farming.. and many advantages.. India has a myth stating farmers are uneducated, innocent but in reality present generation is not like that. Instead of saying private players can loot farmers let us educate farmers
32. Where were you when all those farmers committed suicide as they were not able to reply their loans in India during previous years ?
Proud of being farmer proud of being sardar
Modi came for the Muslims and no one spoke up for them. Then he came for the farmers, soon they will realise that there were fewer to speak for their rights. The next one to be targeted by the tyrant will have no one to speak for them.
Everything had been done in the favour of farmers then why they are protesting?
 farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a
Government should immediately take action against all this union...
Such short-sighted policies will destroy Modi's credibility and knock the bottom out of BJP's vision of the country's future. Surrender to hooliganism is the surest recipe for the country's downfall.
Why are you stopping the farmers? They have come to speak not fight.
well you didnt highlight the other side of the coin which states that apparantly the laws are optional for  the states to chose..so the states where these laws are important get a chance to improve the income and low livelihood of the farmers and also make the farming sector more mordern and efficient...
Thank you for supporting farmers
Farmers tight slap to police.
These are NOT model laws - WHERE on earth would you ENPLOY the 80% of farmers who would lose their farms??
1. Fear regarding MSP ( Minimum Support Price)
I support the farmers. 200%.
I support the farm bills 
Respect bro. Full support to the farmers.. And the beat is lit.
It seems the 3rd Party other than the farmers or common man (tax payers) are going to make the most profit.  Thank you for this video sir. 
I stand with modi I dont care about others I just listen to modi ji.
My father is a farmer. I know how much a farmer family do hard work but they get very minimum profit for it..
Protestors doesnot know importance of these laws. Upa government want to implement but do not even sharad pawar has written in his book the same thought. These chutia politicians will make fun or make patriotic statement but but only farmers are loosers.
Who is here after farm laws are repealed?
Salute and love from Pakistan. Farmers no matter from which country should never be suppressed and discriminated against.  I myself am an aarti from PK and i truly understand the problem
It hurts makes me cry seeing our old people and everyone else too trying so hard to get their own rights this is the country which says jai jawaan jai kisaan and our kisaan is suffering so much just because of this one man narendra modi i don't know how he sleeps at night doesn't he gets nightmares.... god is seeing we are seeing someone's gonna punish this man so bad that he'll definitely remember everything everything bad he did.... karma man karma strikes back
All farmers are not against it only some communities are
The idea of MSP is baseless in current situation. As you said in this video that only 4% of farmers are getting the benefit of MSP. Secondly why farmers should be given MSP if they are given MSP then what about other private sector companies?? Do any MSME company demands the MSP for their products??? So I think present ordinance ia to make farmers self reliant and self dependent . Till how much time farmers shall live on MSP. They have courage to become self reliant so is the government trying to do. So mr dhruv rathee you may be right but this point of view of the government should have also be told by you in this video. I mean what's wrong if there will be one market one nation..... You can also think something positive on that also......
Respect  to our farmers Waheguru mehar kari 
Very confusing, didn't discuss the farmer conditions and there sufferings. These so called educated people are very far from actual facts. They should do farming only then they can realize the actual status.
These khalistani won in 4 th generation warfare .. small farmers have to pay the price for this
bhai ! sadly unsuscribing now. day you use your comic talent for politics, you become a bad comedian. your ability to say bitter truths has been lost due to your need for political support
Think about it long and hard - who will now control the demand/price of products and who will control the rates for farmers?  Here's a clue: not the farmers or consumers.
It is a political conception... Thats why only opposition state are opposing this... Common farmer is not affected
Moreover, children of India are sleeping on empty tummy, malnutritioned, cold, no warmth, no one concerned for their safety.  Modi's resistence to help has discouraged rest of his  colleagues in the government .  Reports states, that, living the day to day stresses of poverty early in life can have damaging consequences on children's mind and physical health and during their adult  social life.  Many poor Indians sleep on the streets. and railway station, if they had wage they could have access to normal living, and this could take them out of poverty.  But they can't, the bad system has tied their hands and modi does not see that.  
Frozen vegetable at offardable prices is good buisness to start, where you and farmer can have a contract . Imagine if its organic a buisness to tap on!
Excellent work. Very well explained. However, u didn't share the full facts. How much produce in India is covered under MSP right now? How many vegetables are covered under MSP right now? What does govt buys from farmers now? Do the govt buys vegetables from farmer at MSP? 
Maximum damage has been done to farmers. There was no way for the govt.  No proper debate or discussion in parliament.  A great victory for the farmers. Their will power must be appreciated. At last BJP scared to face the forthcoming elections.  The PM could have talk to the farmers directly, but he was adamant and arrogant on his decisions.
How bonded labour farming is freed from Jamindars in this law and debt ridden  how will get freed, how to separate rajneeti in agriculture. There scope for huge money laundering black money generation in agriculture sector bring unorganized, no records, outside income tax net. Corruption by state mandis bicholi brokers not ruled out. 
No farmers No food
Indians living all over the world want justice for farmers. What breaks my heart is that PM Modi has not once acknowledged the agitation of farmers!!! How can the PM show such a indifference? How can he ignore the agitation going on for months ??? Its just unbelievable and unfair. The central government instead of trying to understand farmers has activated NIA investigation on people who are providing resources to these farmer protesters such as feeding, sanitation and other resources. The government wants to deter these protestors by attacking their support.
India needs Farmers (Food) NOT Politicians (Liars)
Please make detailed video on present farmer scenario, luved this VIDEo
Security for farmers? What security? Why not show the figures that the farmers spent for the protest?
Cochin Airport model computerised agricultural farming included with solar power house is needed in India  .  Not enough only Jai Kissan old type agriculture farming  . actually dont allow such old typical farming which going to make our nation starving .. Jai Modi hi..  China  have this  and all other countries have these technology to convert dessert land in to agri-solar powerhouse .. our agri university students have no job, if they study such technological know hows and Kissan never recognise farming job is a white collar job...
Lal bahadur shastri ji would be crying in heaven after seeing whats happening with farmers in this country.
Protestor won , farmers lost . India lost
This is a slap on the face of every person who argued for the farm laws. It is a slap on the face of all the policemen who were thrown of the moats of Red Fort. And for every BJP supporter out there, just remember, you are next, you will be thrown under the bus whenever this government requires it. Politics and power are more important for them than the nation and reforms. Even the Congress rewarded and took care of it's supporters, while these inferiority complex ridden jokers are more concerned about their image and what their critics think about them.
She is spokesperson of bjp..clearly she is defending the cartel. Don't know why they are showing the t-shirt not the farmers who got killed in the incident..
It would be in the benefit of farmers if they sell their lands to someone if farming is so unsustainable for them. It is like if worker in a factory wants to open a factory even if he had to take loan for them.
These are not farmers
What about Kisans from rest of India who supported this farm laws? Bowed down to few states from North India. If there was no courage to implement....should have been repealed before....why after so much suffering of common people. This also should be questioned.
Shame on bjp govt. Modi think of the people, don't be stupid like
 Lets just say this bill is applied, the private sector wants to buy the product , he will definitely put forward a contract for (lets say 5 years) Then farmer starts selling product, private sector for his own interest claims he wants a specific product and asks farmer to cultivate... Farmer tries but couldn't produce the required amount. Now the private sector would sue him for not producing the required amount -> goes to court / demands the farmer to pay back for his loss - > poor farmer will be forced to sell land -> private sector buys and runs according to his  wish
Lol indian farmer protest. Not even one single Indian Flag
Ma'am can plz explain about schedule 7 entry 33 (b)  more deeply bcz it deals with Foodstuff not with foodgrains. As farmers produce wheat(Foodgrain) not flour (atta) foodstuff, paddy (Foodgrain ) not Rice (foodstuff) . Plz explain more about it.
Trades from the farmers bound to move to unregulated spaces no particular reason ? 
Fact: Only Maharashtra was Bandh to Support Farmers.
Thats just too many farmers. It must be a horribly inefficient system. I can only imagine how much the food they sell costs. It would be like if a cheeseburger cost $45
After reading comments i understood that farmers (sorry so called farmers) are fools The 750 protesters sacrificed themselves to repeal these bills ,why ??
Except the proposals are designed to provide much needed reform to an archaic industry. It's easy to focus on one side of the story but many of the protestors are wealthy Punjab farmers that have benefitted from the subsidies that are available under the current system.
Why did Modi apologize, did the BJP party know that these laws are not good for the farmers?
good news to india farmers
All Andbhaths classified Farmes as terrorist sponsor Kalisthani even more central minister son Ran over Farmer during peaceful rallies 
The protest taking place literally only in punjab and haryana lol. Pretty sure farmers exist outside of those two states in the massive country of Indian xD
Hello mam don't spread wrong information how say that farmer can't sale there production directly
save farmers and protect them from corporate exploitation
Great job done by modi and yogi
The farmers who made Rihanna cry are brandishing iPhones, riding expensive tractors, eating Pizza and having massages on protest site are not the ones actually hurting. 
I am Punjabi and stand with farmers
 .       msp         .    daily basis  out.  APMC .    .    .  .       .
It is no longer a farmers protest it has become the neta apna interest bachao protest!
Master stroke for PUNJAB election. Haha
The video gives contradictory statements. At one place you say that only 6 percent farmers benefit from MSP, while at another place you seems to worry about impact of probable removal of MSP on farmer's income. Government has categorically said that APMC and MSP will be retained. Hence a farmer has now the freedom to choose either APMC/MSP or free market. As you said MSP is only applicable for 22 items. If the free market or contract farming with a private firm is not offering sufficient amount, the farmer can turn towards MSP. All private players are not predators, please see the e-choupal system of ITC. How much time a hoarder can keep potatoes and tomatoes. Your solution of improving the APMC system is naive. Kindly tell me any place in India where you have a efficient bureaucracy. There may be some individual bureaucrat who is efficient, but these are isolated cases. I think these bills may be a game changer, similar to the reforms of 91. Protests are politically motivated, Congress included this in their manifesto, but now protest as they don't want to cede further space to BJP. I think farmers should form a group in a village or may be in a block. This may give them more bargaining power against the corporates. Collective effort may give them more economic power also, so that they can employ a legal expert while signing contracts. Please see video by Shekhar Gupta in The Print.
Respect FARMERS
my only concern is tenancy must be totally abolished & centre or state must have no control over farmers except on nnot allowing the land to be untilled & farmers must not sell agricultural land to non_ agriculturists.....it can be sold ONLY for agricultural purposes ......
Than the farmer not protesting 
Please also suggest alternate solutions to how change our state of farmers.
Thousands of Farmers in India has been committing suicide for a long time. Then all the farmers from one region came together to commit "mass suicide" by demanding that the reforms be cancelled. This is the most successful and most stupid protest in history. Proof that lack of education, socialism and corruption are ingredients to a deadly recipe. Seeing the lack of sympathy for themselves, I lost all sympathy for them too.
Human rights: the treatment of the peaceful protestors has turned into a Human rights violation. The BJP government has refused to grant repeal to the laws. They are simply outlining their usefulness. Article 19 of Indian constitution states freedom of speech and expression. 
This required a little more work to be honest. The truth of the matter is that no state is looking to challenge this in the courts, the protests have remained localised to a few states, the water table in Punjab and Haryana has been declining because of the skewed prod of water guzzling crops - which we are anyway dealing in surplus etc
I just know farmers in my village are happy with the laws. APMC mandies  are thugs and exploit farmers.
ITS BEEN ALMOST A YEAR NOW and they still sitting on highway and we still saying they r misguided. The joke is on us if any video explaining bills do not make us protest against the shit.
I hope u read this message. My point is what company would be so generous to not exploit farmers and customer because it mostly depends on its profits. If it can't make profit why would it even invest. A win-win for the customer sounds really good but the company doesn't take a loss right..
Can you tell us what would you do if you are in the place of government to protect the farmers from there problems .. can you tell us ma'am ...?
So when  these leaders go for rally then no covid guideline and for farmers there is covid..what a shame. Shame on this BJP government
Amd majority of poor are farmers 
Je chore upsc clear karange jinku 3 farm bill tak palle naye pad rahe
Why everyone blames today's violence on farmers? Why don't they blame  directly on Modi government, the initiator of the protest?
Its good they have repealed three laws itne lakh crore.. utne lakh crore is complete bullshit.. msp to mila hi nahi
I wonder if the farmers have considered making a national union so they can all agree on minimum prices that theyll sell to markets, its possible that companies could try and buy crops from other countries but I reckon theyd eventually cave due to transportation costs
MSP new bill me mention hona chahiye 
Now they r our farmers...this is g8
You discussed only the flaws of APMC Mandis and not the advantages. 
congratulations farmers
SOME TIMES GOVERNMENTS HAVE TO BOW FOR HEAVY PRESSURE CAUSED BY PUBLIC OPINION. SO HAPPENS EVEN IN WESTERN DEMOCRACIES . REMAINS TO SEE WHICH SIDE IS RIGHT FARMERS OR THE GOVERNMENT.
There are lots of cooperative societies build by farmers but all are driven by political people.
This is see whole Indian former's support us 
In the end it is win win situation for the farmers
Hey Trevor check out  MP Mahua Moitra's fiery speech which has gone viral concerning farmers and more
RIP to all Shaheed farmers 
main thing is that farmers are not ready to hear at all.....so gov also should not introduce any reform for these fools....there is clearly written in bill no land of farmers will be taken....and if farmers do not agree with corporates to sell there produce then do not sell and anyway i think in open market without trade farmer can sell at a better price....and its not that farmers are not getting MSP ...they are getting more msp as compared to 2014.....so i think we must support farm bills...
Its late already, PM Sir. A lot  of kisaan have died already and others suffered a lot because of your deaf and blind role for months after months. Now is the time to pay some tribute to the shaheed kisaan who lost their lives for your brutal treatment through law and order team. It's clear that saffron  government have   understood the bitter truth that they are going to lose in the coming election due to torment of kisaan. So they became scared and repealed the black laws. Hats off to our beloved farmers and their andolon.
So happy for our farmers. The first step to a big victory accomplished. Kudos to their brave resilience. And also true respect from the heart to our farmers who died protesting the 3 controversial laws. Salute to them. Kisan ekta zindabad 
World leaders should come together and help Indian farmers protest against wrong bills. Its heartbreaking what the farmers are going through due to evil government
Indeed, our India needs to restablish the ancient way of farming
ABP news kya aapme jarasi bhi sharm bachi hai...You are showing completely a fake news. Still defending Gunda minister & his son after killing 4 farmers. Shame on you Rubika Shame! Shame! Shame on ABP News!!!!
If farming was so lucrative in India under old rules, then why did these farmers move to overseas countries?
Farmer will not only Win farmer protest but also protect Right to Protest. Right to Protest is more stronger. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
Just a pointer on the graph at 3:43 which shows a declining income of Agriculture, Forestry & Fishing: This graph should probably not be interpreted as an evidence of farm income reduction. India's economy has grown on the back on its services/tertiary sector, which is probably why the relative share of agriculture has seen a decline. But pls note that this graph is relative, and it will be affected by changes in contribution of other sectors of the economy.
BJP only all over India 
Thank you for speaking about the Farmers protest really appreciated 
I have no words to express my respect n gratitude for farmers and also to schoopwoop for showing us the reality.Being an agri student from punjab i can understand their demand, Agriculture is backbone of economy n the only field that has shown positive growth during these times.They are farmers not terrorist..dont torture them like that :(.
As before farmers win congrats guys and shivas
In India, it has become evident that Govt. supports only rich business tycoons like Ambani, Nirav modi, Vijay mallaya etc. India has one rule for rich/politicians and another rule for middle class/poors..... Rich will become richer in whatever pandemic situation or recession
Well explained but Which farmer has wearhouse ? It's middleman who stockpiles, farmers need imidiate money to sowing for next season and  85% farmers are small and marginal.
The main problem in all of this is the shrewd mind of each and everyone of us, or atleast most of us. People found out loopholes or other ways to exploit even in old bills and will find ways to exploit even in new bills. Like for example the case of starbucks, they offer good value in contract farming so its a win win for both corporate and farmers since the farmers then give them good quality produce. In India they will do contract farming and since there is no MSP regulation in new bills, the person buying will exploit the farmers in one way or other. There are already many loop holes in the bills, and i think it is impossible to perfectly draft a universally correct bill. All this because when each one of us is selfish and wants maximum for self, corruption and exploitation will happen. It is a sad truth and I think this will not bring any change, infact in the long run the corporates will exploit farmers.
Being from farmers background and currently a practicing lawyer, I can definitely say that these farm bills have the power to revolutionize the entire farming industry. It will definitely be helpful in advancing the farming industry. We should have open mindset towards these bills.
Farm laws were the biggest opportunity for farmers which they mistook and forced the government to take back the decision. I still believe that they were good for farmers and Government should make it voluntary...
Salute to all Indian farmers 
You have no knowledge of Punjab -Haryana mandi system. Ye states or states ki bajae jyada developed due to Deenbandhu Chhoturam
Today a farmer is back to begging, begging for some extra price for his produce. He may take home 1500 instead of 2000 which he deserved. And that 500 belongs to those protesting in the borders 
We always compare the advantages or the disadvantage over the majority... farmers will be going to seek more good than bad.... farmers bill is good initiative by the government
We support farmers.
Why Indian retaliated to Greta Thunburg and Rihanna is because they don't have a shitless clue about what's happening but are just tweeting for the money they are getting paid by Khalistani movement leaders
It is NOT about farmers..it is about survival of local logistics jobs - cleaning grain.. transportation, storage, distribution...  flour making, roti making factories...
Sports farmers 
if they are farmers then they can do a negotiate with the government to finish the protest.
Bro ., it's state government's duty to maintain the law & order.. these opposition leaders were not going LakhimPur to maintain peace or to show their condolences or sympathy to the families of victims.  They were performing their political tours & this can be seen clearly.. If such restrictions were applied to those opposition leaders  then how it was possible to allow Rakesh Tkait ..??  They were going to LakhimPur to for their political agenda..
Power of democracy at it's best...no political party or leader is above its voters...hats off to farmers...brave people
Farmers were demanding this for a long time. Some donkeys are misleading farmers. Most people agitating are jageeradar or comrades
6- best earning farmers in India haryana punjab , n they enjoy msp ..haryana punjab are very low when it comes to suicide which is most in maharashtra.then why does government want to reform states which are doing good instead should reform worst effected states like Bihar, maharashtra????
5. Govt will now remove cereal and pulses from essential list so that they can enjoy the market rates. At the same time, there is a chance of hoarding the stock by farmers and corporates and hike the prices. For avoiding that, govt will make sure that, any of these crops prices do not increase by more than 100% and 50% in one year or will take the average in past 5 years - for perishable and non perishable crops respectively and bring them back into essential for 6 months and review it time to time. 
Free khalistan and Kashmiri please Indian stop killing them
So basically jo paise beech me chale jaate hai, vo kam kiye hai aur farmers ke profit ke baare me socha hai. Bill is in favour of anti-hoarding, anti-price rise. So farmers aur consumer ease ko ye Bill favour karta hai.
Coz this is propoganda run by farmer unions...these unions have destroyed small farmers to great extent..
MSP - minimum support price is NOT as this Indian correspondent explains.
Farmers movement will be written in history
I don't think farmers would protest unless they believe governement is doing them  injustice
SIR I SUPPORT FARM LAW BUT AGAR FARMERS NI CHAHTE THEN ITS OK..MERE PAPA BHI FARMER H BUT THEY SUPPORT IT AND MANY HERE ALSO SUPPORT THE FARMER LAWS  KOI BAAT NI SIR LOVE U
4. According to the new laws, the farmers  are free to sell their produce to anyone they like, opening the markets to private players, who could give them a better price than the Msp. They could also sell it online
Only farmers of punjab and haryana are doing protest but all over the country the bill is helping farmers. They are asking to take back the bill . What if it is taken back then what. Farmers become poor than before.
I would recommend you all, the explanation on farm bills by Vikas Divyakirti Sir rather then this Chaman...
Kisan Ekta zindabad ..... keep it up ...we are with you ..praying for you farmer brothers ..stay Blessed always ....
Why do you assume that farmers never exploit others ? Do farmers pay minimum-wages to the peasants, who work in the farmers' farms ? If a farmer is not paying minimum wages to the peasants why is the farmer right in demanding MSP for his produce ?
Nobody trolls the supporters of this Govt like Modiji himself...
One minute silence for the people who made their best efforts to call them khalistani , terrorist , urban nuxels.
1.3k Indians watch this video. They are not punjabi
Elections are coming modi needs vote
can I ask why dont the farmers sell their broducts directly into the market why do they have to go into the system ? .. if they sell it themselves wouldnt they be able to control the price on their own ?
Modi makes life for farmers better not worse the people who came were paid to do so kinda like funding rebels
Now I would have added a few more points into it but it's already getting long and probably a lot of people might have left it half way through so for the last point which I believe can have a very big impact on agriculture but is never talked about whenever we talk about improving farmers life's and that is....
Stand with Farmers
My father a farmer in Mauritius.
For Bill 1: APMCs are still going to continue and its not being stopped. Also APMCs are controlled by State, so the States can do the clean-up of APMCs by removing the middle-men or what ever else is required. Bill 1 only open another road for Farmers. If they want to use that road, they can use it or else continue to use the same road. So I don't actually get the reason for protest and even the idea put forth by you. Please clarify, if I have missed something.
Simplified many people see farmers as a lower cast they believe karma has forced them to live in bad conditions it says their past life has made them live like this.
Current MSP is very low amount. Only that produce which is not edible to eat is sold there. It is also restricted to few items. Most farmers get more than that amount 94% as per the survey. You inferred that 94% farmers get lower amount of MSP which is wrong. Also you said there can be scenario when control of corporates can take over but APMC would still be there for farmers to sell and also they can sell to direct vendors. Plus India is big market where monopoly like wallmart, amazon and uber won't happen as in America. Govt controlling prices on sell and buy will undermine the reforms which it is trying to bring in agriculture sector. We have to trust on farmers and that there would be many players with healthy competition for buyers and sellers to get good deal.
Change your headline it's not Indian farmers it's Punjab farmers
Just love the way he describes everything in funny way... Love from Pakistan Punjab 
Is there Mandi tax already or something imposed new by Modi ? If farmers already sell mostly outside mandis as per the speaker, what is the new pain these bills are causing ? Is there MSP outside mandis already ?
THE Sikhs For Justice campaign and the already started "Panjab Referendum" was the determining factor in Modi and India's U-turn. Kissan union leaders were ignored for one year when despite 13 meeting with non governmental representatives nothing was achieved. FACT.
If current system is so efficient then why even after 75 years of Indian independence, farmers are still poor despite government provide subsidies on almost everything and exempted from
We stand with our farmers...
This is to be discussed on media so that people of India can be aware of these bills that it will be like hammer on pocket.
The supporters of the Indian government the BJP party people they might be Try to terminate you because of their hatred towards towards self reliance
I dont know why Punjabis are growing rice. It is very water intensive and hardly fetches good price. Need to figure out a way to diversify. These protests and demands for MSP are not sustainable. Overall agriculture is just not producing enough income.
Modi RSS BJP government totally failed in politics .Chankeya politics failed.
Takait is now congress's new face to save rahul,farmers got what they wanted from central govt n khalistanis again  returning to pakistan.
Overdependance on agriculture is the primary reason India is still poor. Who will tell these poor farmers that agricultural in India is mostly wastahe of wealth, labour and their time. That agriculture is pushing them to remain in poverty . These farmers are only burdens to the govt. and to themselves.
I'm farmer this is very bad farmers should be allowed to sell whomever we wants.
If a private vendor buys a crop and didn't pay. These bills are prohibiting farmers to go to court. They can complaint to local authorities but they cannot file a case against big corporations for frauds.
The words of this feku cannot be trusted unless the demands of the farmers are implemented.
Have u made any case study on ADANI group entering the apple market in Himachal. Their buying price to farmers are steadily falling whereas selling price of apples steadily increases.
U come Punjab meet kisaan for information
By which every farmer will be connected n start some positive work out with this
Better late than never. Farmers finally win.
Haryana's home minister is concerned about kangana but he isn't concerned about laathicharge on farmers in haryana.
Support for farmers from Kashmir ....
This bill is actually good adn will help farmers a lot. only these madivalas are angry because they wont get money from exploiting the farmers...
Because I m not able to clarify that the bill is totally against for them?
In scriptures what is there?? King janaka was a farmer, janaka performed agriculture and studied vedaas too All our great sages were farmers too, they lived with nature.. But , now if a person got educated from a college, he tries to go to city and get sophisticated job 
earlier laws never benefitted other states so not giving clearance to these new laws will result in much greater farmer protest 
Now the price of following BJP is received by its karyakartas.
Please ask yourself a question is the state of farmers today (GOOD or BAD) I believe it's BAD.
Boys, who ever is thinking that due to farmers freedom of choice to sell or guaranteed contract farming,  the end consumers will be impacted . You guys are wrong,  let me explain .
Very effective way of discuss and teaching of 3 farm laws and MSP. After 5 years of long period in class room, I could recall many important things. Thanks
Excellent educative video on Farm Bill all aspects covered. Unbiased review.
it is sad that impersonated farmer get what they want by false protest and now the poor farmer will pay the cost of loosing opportunity. few handful mandi agent impersonated  themselves as farmer and hurt the farmer image
1. Because of private sectors, farmers will get better prices and farmers' income will double.
But only few crops around 20 comes under msp so you cannot generalize and only around 6% of farmers sell at msp. Can you shed light on that. And how it is different from ENAM
The state government should stop the tax from farmers, it is good that the farmers can  trade their goods anywhere, I think the middle man traders need to be stop, while the farmers are working so hard to make every penny and the middle man are taking 10% to 20% of their hard working money of farmers earning, we need to look forward to build a digital farming policy, it would be hard for now but it will give a great opportunity in the future
Modi victimizing the poor innocent farmers
Next south african farmers
Let's also remember that many farmers lost their loved ones.
Punjab farmer are paying 8.5% tax on their yield, where rest of country is paying less than 1%tax ....Indian govt is trying to save farmers from middleman 
Literally Seeing your video related to Kisan Bills, I m filled with goosebumps . Thank you for your support
I'm from India , Haryana (another major state for crop production) nd I have seen myself farmers were protesting patently from the past 4-5 months but its the government who are being the impulsive one here
All i see people attacking police rather than saying police clash with farmer the correc news is Khalistan movement supporters planned clash with delhi police.
These laws have a potential of transforming India's food industry into an American version where crops are grown on vast agra farms, then trucked to storage centers and sold to companies finally ending in Grocery food chains where every shelf is identical to any other grocery food chain. For produce to be fresh it is harvested when the fruit or vegetables are unripe. It is a common factor to buy tasteless fruit.  Tomatoes are exposed to a gas in order to get that red color and they are tasteless. The quality of food is expensive. The cheapest food is full of empty calories and laden with preservatives, artificial flavoring and very unhealthy.  Ranging from snacks to fast food Americans are obese and unhealthy.  Only the rich can afford to go to specialty Grocery chains like WholeFoods or Andronico's where there is greater variety and a lot more imports.
Punjab election are coming so cm of Delhi start drama .
God curse these so called kisan  who stopped India from reform
For the first time indian farmers are going to be free since independence because of these laws....these rich politically connected farmers are the ones who'll be affected by competition. The poor farmers will get a chance to sell their produce anywhere and not to blood sucking agents....
Sooo....the farmers don't want capitalism? They want governments to regulate the markets and do not want a free market.
I understand the position of the farmers because I was raised on a farm. However all industrialized nations at some point will think about profits over the livelihood of the those who rather grow their own food.
The problem of farmers is that they can not store their output. It is very difficult to do sorting, cleaning, packaging etc, transport to other markets where they can get more price. 
I'm a farmer myself and I really do support these new farm bills .
Tribute to the farmers lost their lives
People should be wise while voting, because what is spoken today, if the same thought was thought almost one year back about the farmers, there wouldn't have been so many deaths among the farmers. Now, the main reason is the forthcoming elections. The farmers as well as other citizens must be very careful in voting and selecting their leader. One should not believe in floral speeches. Floral speeches are given when something is behind it. We pray that God bless our country's citizens with God's wisdom and not human wisdom. After so many farmers being killed, wives lost their husbands, husbands lost their wives children lost their fathers and mothers, how can a leader of our country replace these losses and forgetting all these things giving such floral speeches will not help people. God bless our country! 
The BJP does not treat the people as human beings. India needs a revolution.
Why only two states are protesting. Only punjab and haryana have farmers ?  #thought
Pls do mention that the govt is not setting any MSP for the corporates to buy from farmers.
Farmers are right .
Inka father ka property 16 biga tha ab 100S of bigas kahase kamaya yogiji please enquire this matter
Thank you for exposing media... present the true picture of farmers...
Farmers from any where in India are very peaceful people this violence was deliberately done by ruling party to break morale of farmers
For those who say farmers are creating difficulties,by protesting on the borders.Just stay in your fucking homes and watch R Bharat for the rest of your lifes and ask modi g to send 15L rupees in your accounts.
i don't understand why western media thinks it's "indian" farmer protests when it is only related to few north indian states. many other states in india already have these kind of laws like in new farm bills even before the new farm bills were brought. video looks highly opiniated
It is very good so why the farmers are protesting......?..
Well done. Congratulations. Such good news for the farmers. Much love!!!!! 
Totally support to the govt., not farmers
7. Not more than 40 farmer unions are protesting against it out of 621 famer unions in the country. So, I don't think that these 40 unions have the right to deprive the rest of the farmers from the possible future opportunities.
Protest is for khalistan, not for farmers benefits.
Farm Bill#1 - beginning of exploitation by farmers - what makes you think Govt is to be trusted; this is govt which showed dream of bullet train and started selling India railways; private companies have been approved run trains & set fares; rly stations have gone private; platform ticket is Rs50 in name of COVID-19; check internet for yourself
What do you know about Farmer bill would like to know from you.. 
They can't be farmers.Farmers don't take down indian flag.Protesters must appologise.Stand for policemen.Stand for India.Jai Hind.
Laws repealed jst bcoz of punjab elections and for amrinder's support
50% of the population contributing to 15% of the GDP?? Sadly thats not going to work for any country, developing or not, and the government is probably over-subsidizing that. Farming, specifically heavy commodity items like rice and wheat probably should be done by conglomerates where economies of scale add efficiencies for everyone, and ultimately drive costs down for the consumer. This is going to be a tough generation or two but this might be a step in the right direction for the next 50+ years, so less people go into farming and more into other fields like IT? The govt should still support farmers though through this change, hanging them out to dry is tough
Respect to all the Indian farmers from Pakistan 
Thanks modiji for that speech to take back farm laws
Hey if a corporation or company have it's own farms to grow crops can they sell the goods at whatever price they want to or not plz somebody explain
Well i will say if sikhs were not involved in this protest, it would have been raptured very earlier..i have visited singhu border during this protest in March..and the spirit of sikh people over there cann't be described in words...From Food, medicine, books, clothes, groceries, blankets, shoes, tents and so many other langars were runned there 24/7 for free...i haven't seen all this in my life and i couldn't believe first what all i was seeing...Hatsoff to sikh community..they are truely Courageous and unstoppable...and also all other farmers too no matter what religion they belong to,  played important roles too...Congratulations to Farmers for their victory
Govt. is not able to answer three questions on farm bill :
I am farmer , today I tell you why farmers protest because 3 bill are made for only  benefit Adani or Ambani i , no benefit to farmers , farmer poor day by day and corporates are rich day by day . Seeds, fertilizers and other substances to used in farming are expensive , now less profile we attain and in Mandi MSP not giving to farmers so we protest .shame on Indian citizens why are you not support to  farmer protest 
Trevor you dont know how much the US farmer despises the corporate farming idea. Come to Nebraska and talk to a farmer.
Ajeeeb dikat hai is desh main.. Vikas to hone se rha is desh main.. Sorry modiji i dont accept this decision.
Democracy they stop against minorities Muslims... now against most citizen of India
What the Indian farmers need is not unguided freedom; what he needs is help both financial and technological.
I support farmers  Jai farmers 
1 minute silence for those who thinks that modi did in under pressure. It's actually the tactics to win the elections in upcoming 5 States. Although bjp will not win but still it will get some seats.
we want justice for Farmers. Modi hatavo...desh ko bachavoo..
Proud to be a son of farmer
Your view on farmers if are not able to sell through traders, then they can sell it on MSP is not right. Procurement under MSP only happens through procurement agencies if govt decides to open stalls within apmc. Most often procurement does not take place under MSP because govt may not have allocated fund for this, or they do it in certain mandies with certain quantities depending upon financial allocation. Morever, Farmers have choice to sell either traders or procurement agencies, even if both are operating in the market. If farmers have no buyer and there is no procurement in MSP in that Mandi, they have to take their produce home or other Mandi
Please bring more videos from farmer protest
Even after independence in our own country farmers have to face a lot and sacrifice a lot. Still they never leave their duty and provide what they can. It's government responsibility to respect them. If it's same then we're still not independent country.
I agree to many points you made, but MSP is a double edged sword. Many corporates will use the MSP too. Instead of that being the minimum price, it will become the maximum price, since corporates will be forced to pay that. many such points.
If the farmers can utilise the good factors properly it is v.fine.   but my question is why the govt. Got it passed without having proper session of thorough discussion in parliament? .
Well done Modiji. We will see does our farmers need more per growth and that too directly to their account.  jai hind
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, 
it seems that now this is not farmer movement, but Khalistan movement,  it is clear that this people wants to create unrest in India. our PM has to take strict action like our late and respected prime minister Indira Gandhi, taken.
Government ko swaminathan commission ki baate lagu karni chahiye thi or APMC ko strong banane ki jarurat he private sector to APMC aake bhi sb kharid sakte he...to iss Bill koi jarurat nahi he
At present scenario too. Without this new bill also. In apmc, bidding for onion/tomoto whatever it is takes place between regular brokers->most of the time farmers are not getting right price for their product.
Imagine why Poor farmers are poor even today.
Growing up in India I use to see a lot of different kinds of birds, ever since the use of chemicals and fertilizer and pollution.. only crows and pigeons are left, small species of birds and sparrows are now non existent in North India (Delhi, Punjab and Haryana)
And the government repelled the laws on the auspicious day of Guru Nanak Jayanti, to appease the  farmers in Punjab and Haryana (who are mostly Sikh) obviously to increase vote bank. But our farmers won't pay heed to such tactics. Hum nahi bhoolenge.
Maine jaha tak dekha hai maximum farmer is bill ko support kr rahe the unke liye b kuch likho
No farmers organisation has approached the approx court,then why this video.
After UP election- modi g be like "it was a prank guy's there was a camera"
In short the farmers have the option to sell their products wherever they get the best price - it could be a company or a direct consumer or any other market.
AnY How at Last the Farmers are Winner's.This is only because the Farmer's are the backbone of our country.Jai Kisaan 
My respect for farmers in india, they feed us feed me. I hate to work in corporate knowing my brothers who feed me are dying because of debts. My mother who was also from punjab also died of cancer and i know these adulterated high pesticide crops are the reason but what can we do organic farming is no where to be seen here, until and unless government do extensive work and change the entire farming system full-scale agriculture disaster is imminent.
Thank You for standing with Indian Farmers. They definitely need more positive coverage from celebrities like you. Since November over 200 plus Farmers died sitting in cold protesting peacefully. Not a single word from the Indian Prime Minister about the lives lost at the protest.
People commenting on "How Noah should research about the bills completely". Are these guys new to his channel? This is the same Trevor Noah who's a stand up comedian. The same Noah whose intellectual ability to portray political scenarios of different countries was applauded. He is a man who runs a daily show and has to make sure that all the facts he states are true, well researched and unbiased. If his thoughts and speech don't match yours, don't blame him. The problem here is that Half the population in India who knows nothing about farming are against farmers just because they support the bill. I wonder what their reaction would be if they were in the shoes of those farmers who are protesting. Patience can only hold true if what you are fighting for is for the right.
Even though Govt announces MSP for 23 commodities the crops that are mostly sold at MSP (Minimum Support Price) are Wheat and Paddy. If Government were to purchase all the 23 commodities produced at MSP then even the entire budget revenue of India will not be enough to procure all the produce. 
   Not a single media of the country talks about our country.  Talks only about the problem of Pakistan because Modi is afraid that the channel should be shut down. 
No Khalistani has taken the flag of India, so how can you call them of India?
He says there are a thousand ways to get our rights but when the farmer said just tell me two ways to place our point .The policeman had no answer.........
IMF and World Bank says we need to move our farmers from agricultural sector and put them in industrial sector that's what the farm bills would have done also
Congratulations to all farmers 
The real farmers protest sidelined when Khalistanis, ISI highjacked it. The Govt might be looking at a bigger picture and something big is coming this winter parliamentary sessions.
Impending doom in the upcoming elections in two states has forced him to repeal not out of love and concern for the farmers.
Glad to see that international media is also focusing on farmer's problems  in India .
This guy cries for the small farmer and then says the consumer will get pinched. That is double standards. There is reason to believe if middlemen are eliminated or reduced, prices would stabilise more. He has the usual fearmongering of corporates as if that is a very bad thing. He does not say that contract farming with corporates such as PepsiCo is continuing in Punjab for about two decades now. Similarly Nestle is the biggest corporate buyer in the dairy sector, that hasn't resulted in a shortage of milk. And price rise of milk has been gradual in proportion with overall inflation. If anything, participation of corporate will bring agriculture into the formal economy and will stabilise prices more and improve efficiencies. Markets have their own mechanism to balance out extremes provided it is allowed fair play.
U said so many things to fool us...but haven't mentioned the reason behind farmers protests... they're protest due to cancellation of MSP... minimum support price....
Congratulations to farmers, and who lost their lives in protest.
Aur ek baat hae ki bill is baised as it could be termenated by contracter anytime but farmer cant terminate it 
I am proud of my farmers....congratulations.
Those indian sikhs resides outside don't become puppet of khalistani groups. Dont play in their hands otherwise your protest won't succed. This protest is not only for farmers it is fight for indian democracy and constitution.
I'm not a fan of bjp nor modi either, but as a farmer's son I must say that farm bill is the need of the new India and its a sham to see people being misguided.
Edited: after watching this video I didn't get it why farmers are protesting
Cat is out of the bag. Modi ji now people know you and your agenda. Please quit.
Pranam to Sir .. Farm laws repealed today ... .how to look at this condition.. good or bad ?  Please make sense of it for us .. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE .. Humble request ... today is 19/11/2021
Farm Bills should not be implemented. These are against farmers. Boycott farmer bill
BBC don't want to debate the laws, as 25% of Reliance is owned by western investors, new laws will make them more profits from the sweat and blood of Indian farmers. Where are you .rss the lovers of the Indian nation?
wow.. Put all the blame on farmers..couldn't even apologize properly..
I think MSP should be regulated in all sectors. As cause of increasing unemployment, modern youth has to work for very low wages which is not adequate as per their qualification and amount of work. For example, an engineer working for few thousands despite spending lakhs on a degree, a teacher in private school working for 3-4000 or 5-6000 in small towns which is quite low as per profession and work of a teacher. Indian youth must raise their voice for minimum standard wage in every sector. One more big protest is needed in the country!
Thank you sir, it has been an enlightening video for me. I hope people who are making a ruckus of farm bill see this video and then decide for themselves.
No Farmers No Food
I support farmers, my request to modi is 'go back modi' bhaiya hume modi ke dwara diye gaye achhe din nahi chahiye
- why do you think farmers don't want to go to supreme Court?
Guys, watch Faye Desouza's discussion with P. Sainath. He addressed all the three perils of this Bill- which Meghnad presented as pros here- 1. The destruction of APMCs, 2. What CONTRACT farming did to our farmers and our food crops across the country, 3. Essential Commodities act removal now also means black marketing and hoarding in addition to what's happening with the lack of MSP.  This is a total mess.
Another Masterstroke by Modi As per Andhbhakts n Godi Media.
I appreciate that now farmers can sell their produce directly to consumers if they wish to, there revenue will be increased by 8 to 10 percent with same inputs and efforts, it means there profit will increase by about 40%.
Mere pyare modiji, you are repelling 3 agri amendment only and only in the interest of political gain from Punjab assembly election. U r just said as Amarindar singh ex CM of Punjab said some days ago....
#solidaritywithIndianfarmers.
thank you for sharing the true information about the farmer's protest internationally  
What about the initial part of video where those Suv s were literally running over a group pf walking farmers from behind? ! Whats this kind of reporting? Are nt u guys even a lil ashamed?
APMC has flaws ,new ordinances has flaws.... We need to understand and differentiate india from other developed countries.... Nd expect not what happens there will happens here too. I don't understand how come free market create the monopoly.... Out of three ordinances only one ordinance may b some issues but people without understanding protest against all three ordinances.... I thought dhurv will discuss all three ordinances but disappointed.
God bless u..for gr8 cooperation to farmers..n also thankful for respect of punjabi's relationship
Please spread awareness amongst farmers. This law works towards improving the agricultural sector in India. 
More than 600+ farmers died in protest. They face too much cold winters and hot summer on roads. And now they facing rain also.
If the farm laws are bad why did they framed why it is in manufesto of cong bjp aap
i agree that monopoly leads kills freedom of farmer either by Middle man cartel, APMC cartel, Or Corporate cartle. 
You painted a nice picture of poor farmers in states without mandis (the regulated market) like bihar,  but failed to mention about other states where farmers are rich compared to other states like kerala etc where there is no regulated market. 
Farmer power 
If the farmers don't want it why u r trying to impose tht laws on them  thy know what is good for them
2. According to Farmers produce trade and commerce bill aka bill 3 -  Private institutes are allowed to hoard and store  farm produce even if market prices increase goverment can not do anything until 100% increase per year and only after that government can intervene to release the stored product.  This limit applies per year so for ex if this year rice is Rs 20 per KG, it will be allowed to go upto 30 rs per kg before govetment steps in and next year it will be Rs 60 per kg before government steps in.
Modhi don't like farmers. He want them be silent.
Farmers have rights to protest against the government. And
Farmers and soldiers are our back bone very important. We have to support both.
2. They lack money and resources to transport produce over large distances which can result in sale of products at lower price at local mandi
the excess food bought by food corporation of india from farmers gets stored and when food corporation of india runs out of spaces to store it just gets dumped . Pvt players will have more resources to manage , store , these products , even export .One of the three laws will educate the farmers about new and modern techniques and different variety of crops  .
In Haryana every farmer knows about msp
You said MSP is false.This big joke by you. Why not increase more Mandi. 
If you can go past and pick up green revolution, also do state that this farm bill was created by Congress party at the first place and why it was created.
Sir apse kattai sahmat nhi,,how can u say that all farmers were against of it....
Very good. AAP ayegi ab punjab mai.Modiji was only like a whole year late for this.
No to corporatisation of farming! God help us with this government- so greedy, so rapacious, so destructive. They say theyre nationalists but how does destroying your motherland qualify as nationalism? Ruining Indias peace, beauty  and natural resources, disrespecting its poor and constant  development on the lines of Singapore or Dubai is not loving your motherland, it is disrespectful of her very ethos. The BJP has done what the Congress couldnt do- absolute destruction of a beautiful country. SHAME!
The are not Kisan who give their work on contract to u.p.labour instead of doing work himself. U. P labour are real kisanon now. Who do not work are contractor,
I respect sikhs and sikhs culture. They are the main support for our indian defence. 
But we can't hide from the fact that we don't need so many farmers. With modern equipments demand can be supplied with one tenth of the farmers population easily. 50% of population workforce in agriculture is absurdity. We need to bring it below 10% like other developed countries, then only remaining farmers can be rich. With current situation farmers will always remain poor, demand is less and supply is more and on top of that gov have to give subsidy too. This Model is not sustainable. Correct me if I am wrong here.
Suddenly there are many posts in support of farm laws.
He will justify right wing policies and find loophole in farmer's intrests! You must be  justifying farmer's intrests and find loopholes in  government policies...
Now atleast don't do Loan waivers because unlike us middle class of Cities these farmers have lands and we are paying for their loan waivers. And if they want they can come anytime in cities to do work but we can't do vice versa!
No farmers, No food, no future.
Ki Only 6% Farmers Are Using MSP
Mandis are inefficient, corrupt and curse on Indian farmers. New reforms are necessary to revitalize Indian farm sector. You are presenting one sided story here.
Proud to be son of farmer
i stand with the farmers!
I fully supported the farm laws why mainly two states have problems with these laws
Having read these farm bills soon after they were publicly shared, the only thing that was missing, and what this host said too, was the MSP. During the government negotiations with the protesting farmers, the incluson of MSP was also agreed upon by the government. Still, the protestors weren't budging and were adamant on scrapping the entirety of the farm bills. That makes their stance illogical and irrational.
There is little hope from court. BJP should make movie on Lakhimpur file. UP govt. Is protecting the suspects .
legal backing from govt in contract farming for farmers,
Now tell me one thing, let's take example of Bihar where APMC has been abolished in 2006. But if you see income growth of Bihar farmers it is -0.8%. so isn't clear this bill won't do any magic as such alone ???
I don't blame them for protesting, the India people and farmers have been treated badly for a long time. American farmers could learn something from this. Farmers of America are being told what they can grow and how much they can grow.
Also, whomsoever has killed those 4  farmers should be behind the bars immediately.
Zeenews renamed as bjpnews
How weak is this Modi government please told them directly are you going to discard those laws or not normal people are suffering from this and for those people who are protesting of you have that many guts to do this so called aandolan then why you are troubling normal people man only one protest is fine all are protesting for that that is anna hazare aandolan 10 din khana naa khao apne aap sunegi sarkar tumhaari but iss protest mein sab chal raha hai pizza and all BC Mall bana ke rakha hua hai singhu border
The work you r doing scoop whoop no matter you will be earning money through this but this efforts by your side is just majestic...i am not from farmer family  but  farmers are my family and i am happy to see this #wesupportfarmers
Mother Earth  please #savefarmers, its impact on worldwide people, how carporate makes money and controlled prices, see big impact in South America,  North india ( punjab, haryana & Rajasthan & Kashmir) feed all india, even Pakistan , China & iran , Russia has better price for farmers why only india polices collapses, 2030 you guys see big gdp effect , 9 years most of people migrate or india under hunger. 
Sounds like farmers aren't being forced into government controlled markets then? So they themselves are responsible for more of the business side of the situation than previously which also frees up the government to do other things like continuing to industrialize. This sounds like basic advancement into a first world country.
If procurement percentage is divided equally among all the states of india, these punjabi farmers won't ask for MSP
Even after taking laws back, something is not forgettable calling terrorist to farmers  
There was no provisions against farmer, opposition and few vested interest in  farmers have led nation in wrong direction
Farmers 
This is not a farmer's protest but a Khalistani separatist protest (nothing to do with our  nationalist Sikh brothers and sisters) which was earlier nicknamed as "Referendum 2020". Almost every Indian farmers are actively welcoming the new farm lays, which will remove the evil middlemen who exploit the farmers and buyers. For eg. Farmers are forced to sell potatoes to middlemen only for 2 per kilo while those same middlemen sell the potatoes to common citizens @  30 per kilo. Shame on you Al Jazeera for supporting terrorists and anarchists.
I family background is farming. And if there is change made in this law more farmers will come on road
Elections are coming. I am repealing the farm laws as per your demands. Please vote for me. Next they will cancel UT Ladakh and J&K and make J&K full state as before. Revoking article 370 is also unpopular in Kashmir.
WILL YOU VOTE BJP NEXT ELECTION??
Dhruv pls make a video on, how the rates of crop decide in India and who decide them. This is a very big problem which our farmers are facing. The farmer should know what will be the profit or loss before sowing seeds.
# then corporate contract in india we all don't know about our own insurance policy's t&c the. How can a uneducated farmer understand corporate contract. If somehow by not understanding contract farmer do something then corporate is going to file a suit like PepsiCo file suit of 1cr against a farmer in guj.
Cost of the food items can decrease too. Now we are getting, suppose it's dal 100/- kg, in presence of APMC and also presence of taxes for APMC. In case of no APMC, neither state tax is applicable, nor the farmer have to pay any kind of a taxes, as agriculture is totally tax free. So naturally Pvt sector companies will buy all products at low cost price. And on the side consumer simultaneously will going to get benefits too,  as low manufacturing cost. So naturally when manufacturing cost is low, Consumption price will decrease. And one more thing regarding any kind of a legal terms, central government should create a separate section of lawyers for agriculture department, In each state, under supervision of supreme court and high court, and legal papers should be written in 3 language- 1) State 2) national 3) International. In this way farmers can directly enter the international market too. MSP should be fixed. 
Punjab elections strategy failed by Congress now
@Vox should do better research before publishing a video. You should interview actual agricultural economist. Most economist support this new laws and it just gives free market for farmers nothing else. It is not mandatory but it is free choice between 2 markets and farmers can pick which one is more beneficial to them
Sardaaro k liye aaj respect aur badh gyi bnde kitne aache hai god bless these Farmer
Punjab is being crushed from Pakistan with drugs and now from Modi.
The farmers are so kind and wholesome.
BUT STILL BJP will win because it's India
But some of the protesters in U.S were using Khalistan flags whom are anti nationals according to India since their demand is a separate country for Sikhs
Creating laws to protect farmers is not enough unit it is being followed strictly as India constitution has so many laws which are not implemented/followed at ground level. 
Pm Narendra Modi has been  repealed three farmer's law on the occasion of Guru Nanak jayanti.
I think this is great for Indian Democracy; I am not an expert on the farm laws but I leave it to the expert; I am only examining the functioning of Democracy in India; Imagine since BJP took over for every thing they pass an Ordinance. Which means they do not want any discussion at all. Second, the President is signing every thing and never on a single occasion questioned why the urgency for the Ordinance? And the way parliament sessions are conducted is even worse; The Speaker/Chairman does not bring any bill for discussion until last minute and then passing them through voice votes!!! Even the way Finance Budget was presented last year was horrible. The FM does not give any details and asks to refer to the Budget addendum for every thing that will be shared after the session; And after the session it was all crap, with no data; Definitely, the current Government does not want to take questions and Accountability; Democracy is failing in India and if that continues, we will end up the way like China.
Trust me guys that I have checked a 100 video to know the basic reason behind why farmers wants to protest and you believe me This is the only video which says what  farm protest is basically. And the follows.. thank Vox team
Those so called farmers disrespecting their own country's flag ... , and how Greta , Rihanna were paid to support farmers you forgot to talk about it  .
How many farmers modi killed? He just ordered to apply water force on farmers
Unless there were critical issues like national security , this u-turn is completely inexplicable. Forget political adroitness etc., this can only pave the way for agitation and blackmail politics. Tikait continues to bluster. Sugar coatings don't take away the sense of helplessness. All the explanations will be laughed over by the coterie of farmers who only bullied the govt from day one.
3 Modi actually Know what He is Doing,This Decision Is Not For Punjab It's For sealing UP 
whole protest is turned such way by  influencers on social media and opposition parties in India  that these laws are harmful and farmers will loose security  .
I personally know many farmers, with my Grandfather owning a Farming Corporation in Punjab called DOSAJI FARMING, and I know that Agriculture is such a big key in the stability and economy of India... So I hole that Modi and the BJP will try to compromise, and I hope there is some way for The Farmers and BJP to agree and find a middle ground.
Or they may not be farmers at all. 
I wish we had protested against CAA with the enthusiasm and passion that the farmers protested with.
Farmers have wrigts to protest .A ministers Gundas killed innocent farmers, then Poojari is in silence meditation,
You missed out the major point only 6% farmers sell in APMC. They are already selling in outside market. Dhaang ka baat bhi bata do. Kuch naya nhn bataya.
Indian pm narider modi  is not good pm   the farmar is frotest  in delhi  on road   before i month   i sporting farmers
If you want to really understand Farmer's situation...then watch GODAAN of Gulzaar....It was launched on DD ..all episodes are available on YouTube...
Aur sabse khass baat to ye hai ki is bill ke hisaab se farmers apne complaints court bhi nahi le jaa sakte... 
#standwithindianfarmers
Traveling to India, it was really difficult to see the poor living condition of farmers in villages, and also those who migrated to the cities living poor. When I was in Delhi, smoke and dust choked my lungs. It was easy to forget at that time that the country houses some of the richest billionaires in the world.
You missed the point where in Punjab and up Congress is getting dismentled 
Farmers who lost their lives what you can do for their families now.  
First give farmers knowledge then make rules.
We the Indians  are lucky having a great PM like Narendra Modi, who know how to tackle the Rogues of our Country. I am Greatful to him.
IN CONGRESS RAJ, when farmers were killing themselves, when Hindus were butchered in J &k, that time you enjoying at Lutyen's official bunglow unofficial,  uska hisaab do then omit.....
Focus is more on the protests than the reforms themselves. These are much needed reforms and definitely not anti farmer. It's just misinformation being propagated by motivated groups who themselves earlier supported such reforms but now oppose them due to politics.
Guys quit it. The bill is exactly to give more rights to farmers when it comes to selling their produce beyond govt procurement. I ask people to stop playing dumb n read the law.
You have missed many important points in this video or did not wanted to cover like now farmers can not go to the court even after if any company refuse to pay them a single rupee and now  hording became legal for companies which earlier used to be a crime. We can already see the effect of these laws on ground now that Adani is buying apples in Himachal at the price of rs15 per kg and selling it in rs200 per kg in super stores across the country.
We stand with you farmers
the fun fact is, the farmers from other Indian states have no issue with these laws at all.
Election is here farmers 
advanced RIP for farmers who are going to commit suicide because they can repay their loans all over India
Good job sir ji..this guy proved k kisaan k bacche educated hain and well educated hain.. sadak pe aise hi ni baithe bina baat k..we support farmers..
There should be a webseries on farmer's protest naming "Jai Kishaan" it will be as interesting as "Jai Bhim"
But as already said by you that only 6% Farmers use Mandis then why not demolish it.
Tricolor was shamed by hoisted from the hands of sawakar of corporate.poor farmers protested peacefully for past days.turns into violence due to ignorance and arrogance of costly make up man.everystate farmers are protesting but bribed media says Punjabi protesting.really people who don't do farming telling the laws are good.whether they eat food or corporate wastage don't know.farmers are commenting suicide because they are looted by government in the name of law.everyone priced their own products to earn money except farmers.such a shameful slaves.goverment won't support.court won't stop but believe India is a democratic country.
Farmers are not educated enough to deal with high
Clueless Poor Farmers. Will remain Poor Forever 
Everyone is showing it as a Sikh movement. It's more than that. It's a farmers' movement. Sikhs are not the only ones protesting against this.
So basically its privatisation of Indian farming sector ..but its not gonna happen now but in few years... if private companies suffer some loss for 2 years while providing great deals ..like how jio did in beginning..then private companies will take monopoly..and politicians will gain from it also..am i correct ??
These farmers need to move on to a more sustainable business model. Right now they are living on charity through indirect subsidies like MSP and free electricity, Are the indian farmers not capable of living without charity?
Govt is saying "free market", farmer are not required to pay any cess to mandis they can sell crops outside mandis wherever they want. But the fact is always the buyer pays the cess , farmers Will never pay.
"Keval kisaan ka tamga mil jane ka mtlb ye nhi hai ki vo bechara hi hoga" very well said Sir . Excellent and thoughtful video. These reforms will ultimately benefit the farmers in long term.
Why are people not supporting farmers like they supported SSR's case? 
Thank you so much Noah for throwing light on this topic! Much love and gratitude to you all who are supporting our farmers. 
There's a video about Farm bills on Drishti IAS. It preety long (4 hours) but very insightful. If u really want to understand Farm bill watch that
It is difficult for india farmers.
Now the laws are gone, hope the farmers get their MSP. and govt take effort to make a fair law for consumers and farmers.
TOTALLY SUPPORT THE FARMERS AS WELL AS THE AGRI REFORMS!!
With the abolishment of these Draconian policies, Govt will be left with more funds and only wheat traders of Punjab and Haryana would be affected. Most of these farmers do not do the farming on their own instead employ labourers from other states to do the same.
I have been watching his videos from last 2-3 months....not a single video where he avoided dragging modi and bjp....Nice coincidence that every time he connects link between bjp and other elements
Now indian farmers could earn equaivalent to American farmers now 
BJP is failed to save their worker in Bengal & In UP also, now I feel they are in habit of utilising their death for political gain only. They are not going to take any action against tiket.
2. Government had rounds of talk even suggested to postponed for 1.5 years so that protesting farmers delegations too include to rectify farm law. Protesting farmers do not even agree to suggestions made by Supreme Court of India. Its like their way or the high way. Democracy doesn't function like that. 
According to the PRS Legislative Research, the percentage of Bills referred to Parliamentary committees has fallen from 60% and 71% in the 14th Lok Sabha (200409) and 15th Lok Sabha (200914) to 27% in the 16th Lok Sabha (201419) and an even lower 12% in the current Lok Sabha (since 2019). Many important bills including the three farm laws that were repealed recently did not get discussed in parliamentary committees.
For farmers  .....best state is telangana
Indian old agricultural reforms mostly benefited the farmers in Punjab and Haryana, but regions in southern India were forced into depths and lead them to suicide, 
Is there MSP for outside trading of Mandi's?
Stock limit: The Ordinance requires that imposition of any stock limit on agricultural produce must be based on price rise.  A stock limit may be imposed only if there is: (i) a 100% increase in retail price of horticultural produce; and (ii) a 50% increase in the retail price of non-perishable agricultural food items.   The increase will be calculated over the price prevailing immediately preceding twelve months, or the average retail price of the last five years, whichever is lower.
We are with farmers..
Mass civilization  in India is  very  poor.  Though Farmers  Bill  is inevitable  for our  country . only  5% population  those in advantage  group in society  opposed the  Bill. It is temporary  withdrawal.  But
1) - Farmers produce (Trade and commerce) Act - 
I watched Tihadis video on farm law repeal 
Sir I was totally confused about who's right the govt. or the farmers but, after hearing you in this video so carefully as it took me 4 days to watch completely, because i prefer slow progress. Thank you so much for this video...thank you so much 
I stand with farmers
Wonder what will be the next bill from BJP.. They only knows to put out stupid laws and bills so that normal civilians can waste their time and mind on it..instead on focusing what's best for a normal lively hood..
Farmer are producers and sellers, they are not traders
Lots of love and respect to all our farmers who protested against these illogical laws , I also thankful Dhruv Rathi sir for there continuous support . And lastly I also thankful for Indian government who realises our efforts and problems with these laws 
save indian farmers india  democracy' rip
We are farmers 
Meghnad has been quite fair to the proposed laws. Contract farming itself had been recommended by MS Swaminathan. The point is that since some of these reforms have already been tried out and didn't work out as expected, coz you know, the world is not ideal, doubts regarding their implementation and discussion of steps (with stakeholders) required to correct them are pending. The way the govt went about this is so undemocratic and farmers are clearly unconvinced is the problem with this. Last I checked, India is not an authoritarian state as per its constitution. Remember folks bold does not necessarily equate to wise.
I found no such major stuff to protest. I believe mandi people are protesting, not the farmers.
Only "farmers"(middleman) from 2 states protesting.
When there will be no apmc there will no MSP 
Great job BBC! Long live the farmers.Truth shall prevail!!!!!
Farm Laws are withdrawn in view of Elections in UP & Punjab. We r not illiterate as u & ur followers, First Resign & undergo trial & then Compensate for the loss incurred to Farmers & their Life's & Family & to the Indians.
Thanks @DhruvRathee for the video , however  i feel the argument given regarding the  American corn Farmer by Devinder Sharma may not a right justification.  i think  the protest should be more about maintaining an even battle between the corporates and not letting  90% of agriculture fall into hands of Adani , Ambani , rather than rubbishing the bills.
You do really good job...God bless all of you....We are Farmers and we love Farmers
#Nofarmersnofood
Those voilent acts blamed on farmers was actually a cleverly executed drama of the ruling political party members disguised as farmers. This was what actually happened in delhi on republic day and is unraveled later.
Farmers view are right .The private sectors are not suitable for a country like India,but what can we do our Govt is easily sold by the private person .This is the sign of gulami ,as we are by the Britishers in history .Very sad to say that the Govt is unable to learn any thing from history.
As farmer ,if company directly come to for buying my crop, am happy with it.
I myself come out from a farming background in Uttar Pradesh and I think this law should be welcomed. There are Crores of farmers here and there hasn't been a single protest here. So, I think, " now you know it better"
The deep question here is Does the country need this many farmers? Our country has so little industry ,so few job opportunities that the people take to farming for lack of other alternatives. 
Without farmer no one can live in this world. With or without knowing this thing , they are deeply involved in cyber security development , planning to build construction without developing a basic need of a man. I don't know whether they will eat that construction stones and sand if the farmers become extinct??!!! Please consider their needs also
How come Mr. Modi didn't realised the pain of the farmers when they were tortured at borders?
they still pray for india ... who calls them khalistanis or naxals
This was not farmers agitation. It was agitation just to flare ego of handful of politically selfish people. Farmers will realize their loss soon.
Who buys maximum wheat from farmers? FCI
After watching this I certainly know that common people have so much little knowledge of the bill and why farmers are protesting it. It is like," Yeah farmers are asking for something and government is denying that ". Also, the Farming Sector is not that much role in our GDP but it straightly provides us with Food and contributes a lot in employment. The bill is simply to kill the Mediators and control the farmers as Reliance and Big Corporate houses want to enter into the retail chain system and for that, they want to produce packed everything at cheaper prices. It's good but It certainly kills a lof of current employment and uncertainty to farmers. The Corporates bought straight from the farmers and there is a big chance that they try to dupe farmers to stretch their profits as they got all the knowledge, power and money. It'll make some farmers happy also as long as they're complying with the Corporates on the quality and prices. Corporate buys big and store It to late produce that good for a longer period of time. Example, you could get tomatoes at very cheap prices when it's produced in abundance, process that to ketchup and sell it at a higher cost with more shelf life. We need to eventually move to that stage as right now the product is not properly being stocked and a lot of reliable goods are destroyed but we government could solve it via proving good storage facility but No government want to remove their hands from this and hand it to corporates. Anyway, This bill sounds good just for the people who willing to purchase a tomato canned pure than fresh tomatoes. Rest it's not that great for farmers and people who buy fresh. 
Farmers will have right to sell  anywhere in India rather than local mandi where they cant get profit.
You need farmers thrice in a day. Stand up for yourself by standing up for the farmers.
All western countries allow farmers to sell their products to anyone, contract farming.. 
solidarity to India's farmers and other workers in their general strike!
You have told only half of the facts, and that too only Govt side's. The main contentions of farmers that is why they are objecting is not properly and not completely discussed.
Next -Punjab Election & UP election ko dekhhte hue
Yes, some farmers are protesting these new laws. Some, not all, not by a large margin. 
4. Contract farming is good with company. But, i found fraudulent make fake contracts with farmers like in aloe vera farming. I found many cases they sell the baby plants and then never come back to buy the produce. And no action from the government.
If students can give exams then y don't they come on roads again injustice with them, farmers and agains rape  kindly awake yourself before it's too late
4. You didn't Mentioned That Except Punjab Haryana & UP There wasn't Much Protest 
Canada sponsored farmers
If Farmers always do Protest. So Who are Doing Farming
Govt pulling hands back from each and every sectors which may coz of loss on govt vault, I think this should not be with farmers.
Farmers in India first of all does not face one issue but several leading to this dire state of them, these are dozens in number and will be very hard to tackle at ones, some of the notable ones includes small scale, consistent exploitation, adverse market forces, issues with distribution and supply chains, lack of access to finances and capital, climatic vulnerability, access to markets, etc just to name a few. As said, difficulties are many but we can broadly categories them to 4-5 core problems as most others just branches out of these core issues
INDIAN FARMERS WILL NEVER PROSPER
Thanks modiji for repel these Krishi kanoon in favor of nation
MSP guarantee is anyway not there even now. Mandi cartels which control prices already exist. So how would the farm laws worsen the present situation in any way? 
And finally farmers can NOT be allowed to abrupt otheres livelyhood and free movements. Criminals must face the law.
You guys rarely understand the plight of the farmers, rarely know about the laws which are pending right now.
Support forModi
Support the farmers 
Democracy works both ways, citizens shouldn't bully their way either. It happened with Jaat protests and their unfair demands, it happened with farmer protests too. Go ask the daily commuters of Delhi NCR who're being harassed in the name of peaceful protests and now that the laws are being repealed, politically ambitious Takait is making unfair demands (much like Jaat protests) and will continue to harass daily commuters. Death of democracy indeed
There is no mistake with farm laws. The mistake is 'repealed it as acceded to the middlemen's (disguised as farmers) pressure'. This is India's fate that common people being ignorant and not knowing whichever are of their benefits, usually mislead and exploited by some scammers and perpetrators..... If the real farmers were in heaven because of the 'mandi system' why 1000s of them committed suicide every year. ?????
The farmer protest was honestly scary. I live near the area where the farmers went aggressive and we were scared to death.
Farmers victory
My parents and grandparents all were born in Punjab this all happened Punjab and the rest of India they had a lot of war together
Comments on the level playing field of Farmers vis a vis the Corporate has not explained also on how the APMC law is letting traders cartel and making farmers to sell at below MSP. Cannot the Centre make a provision on purchasing anything produced by farmers and then asking the traders to purchase from Central Government in this way the BJP party will not have to face opposition in any state?
If farmers are poor, the country is poor.
Up and punjab mai election aane waale hai
Govt can't leave the future of our farmers in the hands of private players.We must welcome private players to the market for better competition but giving free hand to them may lead to monopoly and at end of the day small farmers will suffer the most
When will this guy understand highlighting farmers issue without actually knowing what the law states is utter non sense especially if you don't know socioeconomic scenario of the country. 
There are chances of debt trapping small farmers by the big companies and ultimately they buy that land and make them work on the land for lease ... This will be one of the drawbacks. 
Elections in UP, congress needs this. Every time elections come, congress.voters riot.
Why dont you guys settled in US buy food grains and staple directly from indian farmers and sell them in supermarkets in US and other countries.or setup factories which will produce new products like bread, bun, cookies, buscuits, semolina, pasta made from wheat instead of going on rounds in cars.
Those opposing the farm bill should at least watch this video once. Anyway, I support this Farm bill.
What a master Stoke Modi ji.. ...Ur hands in blood of farmers who died in the protest .
Indian Democracy & Secularism Is In Danger. Indian farmers should be served with justice!
What about petrol rates there is proper system for that but still different in all states ! Government is piece of shit they now want to sue poor farmer. It depends on them whoever they want to sell
Farmers are protesting  but unfortunately bjp has clear majority in parliament and they will pass this bill too. Only supreme court's interference can protect farmers.
Nice video... biased one... In short it is against dealers not farmers
Possibility of farmers income and wealth will go up. In such case should their excess income also should be taxed ? 
Farmers in Germany, U.K, Canada, Australia, USA are decently rich and happy. Farmers in India alone commit suicide. Why ?
More power to the workers and the farmers of the world. 
Rahul is always right I support him and Congress
Hey... you are an awesome inspiration.  I study you immensely.  I get to know things about India almost at first hand.  This is grand.  I hope one day I can live in India, at least after I retire, and I want to talk with the matters concerning India with some background knowledge.  You have informed me so well.   My blessings and support.
We Want Justice For Lakhimpur Kheri Farmers
We r with the farmers.They r right.We welcome them to delhi.Govt should agree  to their demands.
There was no discussion abt why farmers are calling out strikes... seems biased.... The clarity with which negatives of APMC act was explained somehow disappeared when it came to the new laws that lotta a farms are pissed about
When PM Modi will resign by taking responsibility of hundreds of farmer's life who died during black farm law's agitation .People must dislodge this incompetent & incapable government  by  mandate in coming elections
Shouldn't have taken so long. After so many farmers has lost their lives. 
Middle man of India's are more rich then real farmers of india and yes truth is bitter for khalistani terrorist
Sad to see some people don't even know why farmers were againsts that committee.... (because committee k sare members bills k favour mein the.. nd it is unjustifiable to carry on with that committee..... as simple as that)
Love modi from Nepal, Only he can save Hindu world !! We must fight together against Christian Missionaries 
So well explained, lot better then highly paid and illterate media. Agreed that corporates should be regulated in Phase 3. However MSP should be given to farmers based standard of output and to 70% farmers who owns less than 5 %. Also note that msp on govt qouta is used as election wining tool and making politically connected rich farmer cartel more reacher
But I'm confused so is this bill actually helpful for farmers and need to be understood by them? Or it isn't good?
How many millionaire farmers in India who pay no taxes? They dont want any reform.
only 10% information given in this video....these protests are only in Punjab region, that's only 1.5% of India, these laws are helpful for the rest of India. Whole protest is fueled by foreign powers... on the first day of protest ,protester's were holding placards to release communists terrorists who are in jail for treason charges.
Selective imposition of Income Tax on Non Farmers including Handicapped Non 
Plz don't fight wid Farmers 
INDIA IS AND  ALWAYS WITH FARMERS.
Good video but lacked few things one farm income is diminishing because too many people depend on it even its not profitable . Question should be what are solution to increase income either reduce too much dependency or increase options in source of income . Only flaw in argument presented by video any regulation or body regulation will always lead to cartel formation . This idea of MSP is against the very idea of free market economy. Who will decide MSP how will be handle for future prices . Its always supply and demand . All those who will decide MSP will form a cartel again . Free market cannot work like that . Agreed law should be against corporate monopolies but in agri supply chain sector cant be monopolized like aircraft . Entry barrier is low . As for Ola Uber i guess technology will always disrupt them after certain point they arnt Boeing or Airbus that takes higher entry cost to disrupt. MSP is not the way it will always cartel  the very great idea it wants to achieve . A product which deserve to have MSP means it doesnt have the right demand in the marker . Free market economy cant be worked like that . Idea or framework should be for litigation and judicial process in case of such rampant exploitation and price control by corporate. Solution should that this farm supply chain sector should be multi player market rather than few larger players in mix . Govt can fork policy to restrict monopolization by big firms . If more players are in mix farmer will have the best buyer . MSP is retrogressive way for free economy. MSP is not the solution
These are terrorists in guise of farmers.
4. I agree with you that farmers do need a steady income source and agriculture do involve risks. In bihar they removed APMC now a farmer who owns 10 acres land comes to punjab to farm for another guy who owns same 10 acre of land because he is not getting atleast the MSP. I belong to a farming family, i live in village, i saw this happening. Where will we go if this same things repeat itself.  Farmers do need alternative options for income but it does not mean that we can only be used for cheap labour.
Farmers are real influencer and heroes of our everyday life
We have a hope to foreigners media to broadcast this protest on their channels because indian media is corrupted now they called farmers as antinationalist and terirest 
This channel always against Indians why
2. The price of the commodities even now is not government regulated. Government intervenes only if the prices go too high or too low. In order not to let either of the parties incur the loss. And farmers are not always going to sell or selling at loss. Only in certain situations they are. However government clarified that MSP will not be removed which means the farmer is always protected. He can sell in APMC if there's steep fall else he can earn more in the open market. 
So so proud to be a part of this revolutionary land...long live Farmers..long live Punjab..long live India 
Federal Angle: The provisions in the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020, provides for unfettered commerce in designated trade areas outside APMC jurisdictions.
Please support our farmers or everyone will regret one day when food prices will be fixed by Adani and Ambani. there is predicted food shortage around the world due to covid and climate change. Multinational corporations are fighting to buy farm lands and store food. It's middle class and poor classes who will suffer from extrotionate food prices. There is an article in CNN about upcoming shortage of food around the world & how mulitinational corporations are fighting to store food. 
sad situation for our farmers.we r alive cos of the respected farmers.
The past CM of Tamil Nadu M. Karunanidhi, had started in 1998 a "Farmers' Market" called "Uzhavar Santhai" where every week the farmers Can bring their produce to this market and directly sell to the Consumers directly eliminating the middle men. but were spoiled by other politicians of TN (Ms Jayalalitha) C. Subramanian and M.S. Swaminathan both are eminent people from TN.
Post more update on farmer protest. We need see what our supreme court , Yogi government do , is all the things are baised in country ?
Why are Consumers still sleeping and not voicing against such bills, which will effect them at some point of time at the end its the end user who is going to pay from his pocket for all this tamasha.
Final solution for india is kejriwal.Atleast his party members are not gundas .
4) One could technically argue that bringing in free markets would mean fairer pricing, no middle men and also the money gets passed on directly to farmers without having to pay income taxes. Farmers still get an MSP if they want to go to APMC but more and more they would prefer not to if they get preferential pricing by private companies outside.
I am a farmer for last 10 yrs. You have did a best explanation. I don't think a real farmer would protest, it's the mediators creating all these problems. Both corporate and mandi never ever will keep a farmer happy. 
Good step for Modi, Bad step for India.
3. MSP is not mentioned in this bill.
5. Team of local society members are local agricultural officer, govt or private advocate, management accountant, local bank, government nominee etc their support will get to farmers by giving an SMS. Here I think mobile is there for all farmers. Govt should pay a nominal amount to this service providers ( here select from persons who have social commitment) 
We have been taught in our school rite from early age that farmers are the backbone of our Country... They may break our bone but can never break our spirit. We can't really view this as only profession but its more of tradition, culture dating back from the beginning itself. India is our Mother and farmers are our fathers, it's democracy at its worst, when everything is been snatched one after another by few vested interested individuals. It also backfired those individuals because its beginning to unite the people of India.
Farmers can fix prices for produce even before growing it
Farmers movement will get success very soon 
Keep an eye on every farmer who protested ; Govt will target and bring them down one by one , in the form of tax evasion or some other new crimes . They will have to pay the price for protesting against the most powerful government in the world 
After the events of Republic Day there is little sympathy for these thugs who are a combination of middlemen, rich farmers and crowds imported and paid for by vested interests. Your reporting in deeply flawed, banal and superficial and for this reason, highly  misleading. PM Modi is the best PM we have had. He has the courage to go against the tide as these path breaking laws are a 1991 moment for poor farmers and middle farmers farmers but they strike a body blow to middlemen. This is what this protest is about because it hits against corruption in Punjab and Haryana. I have not understood what these thugs want. These laws are path breaking as they free both [producers and consumers to sell in the open market if they want. You can thugs bringing in thousands of tractors from these states poor? Stocked up for six months poor?  The government has been open to talks and has dealt with them with exceptional restraint.  Rich Farmers have been treated as holy cow in this country. They rich segment benefit hugely from subsidies, pay no taxes and buy cheap from the poor cultivator and sell at huge prices in the market. This has to stop. Rich farmers need to pay taxes.  The agricultural sector has been at  the bane of benami holdings by corrupt netas and babus. PM Modi is breaking this vicious strangehold for which he deserves praise and not condemnation. By doing he would be the first PM who has actually helped those who need to be helped. The fact that there is information aysmmetry here and tthat the government has not sold the reform as strongly as they should have adds to the confusion.  This is a bold reform and it must be welcomed precisely because it is being opposed by the rich and hijacked by an opposition that does not have a head or a tail. The same applies to your Covid reporting. You fail to mention that we have handled the crisis despite our poor health infrastructure  extremely well with the lowest death rate and the highest ecvery rate in the world in contrast to the UK, France, the US and Russia and the rest of Europe who have made a mess of it.  Figures in these countries are staggering.  Your reporters and correspondents need to delve beneath appearances to reach the reality hidden within.  You do injustice to the fair name of the BBC with this stereotyped reporting.  The country cannot be held to ransom by a gang of thugs spreading misinformation and deceit.
4. Land acquisition act is not just necessary for farm sector but more importantly for establishing Industries... isn't it? Moreover, in a country like ours, poor farmers need jobs with steady incomes rather than farming outputs which are very much dependent on many variables such as monsoon, MSP, Politics etc...
We support kisan morcha.
Farmers ko agar really help karna cahtahe sarkar Toh Government ko fertilizer, pesticides ke cost low karne ko kaho,,,,Main Kissan family se hoon pera pitaji Kissan haa
We want justice now. The drama is going on and on. Its already late Now govt should strike a deal with farmers. Things are going out of hand. Atleast half of them who are rallying and doing dharnas  are not even farmers. This SP PARTY AND CONGRESS PARTY.  WORKERS ALWAYS CHANT PAKISTAN ZINDABAD. Dont give this anti nationals a chance. This time i wanna see justice. Make it happen.
Thanku so much sir aapki wajah se ye farm bills aaj clear ho hi gye and I will definitely share this video to everyone who is in my contact taaki sabko reality pta chle agriculture ki farm bills ki aur Jo ye kissan protest hai uski
India is going downhill , how can they just ignore and wanted created a law that going to support only Ambani group ... god bless India , India could o my can become self sufficient by agriculture but they are doing the opposite....
To all the students and educated youth out there: please study hard in life and working diligently. Your awareness and 1 right action in right direction can impact the lives of many such farmers of our country directly or indirectly.
I salute to brave heart farmers to stand against such dictator government. Very very egoistic Prime Minister india have right now. I hope people will understand and bring back the democracy
3. Just like the prices do MSP also fluctuates based on demand and supply?
2. On the basis of quality they may decrease produce value and farmer is not capable to fight in any court, so who will help them.
Bhaiya apne bahut acha bola .. I am with the farmers 
I support Every Bill! Only greedy n filthy rich farmers protesting against these bills!
This is ill informed post on so many levels. Its 0.03% of the total farmers of India. Other 99.97% farmers are finally relieved and supporting long overdue reforms that will end farmer debts and suicides the the old system put them in for decades. Also, minimum price guarantee clause has not changed and will continue. Please do your homework well.
BJP/RSS  have the same Ideology of Taliban. 
Indian new is not Indian chanal it is modi chanal
3) only 6% of farmers get MSP. 
The income of 84 per cent of households in the country declined in 2021, But at the same time the number of Indian billionaires grew from 102 to 142, an Oxfam report
3. Price fluctuations are still today in India not sure what are you talking about as commodity is in trade today.
Private job main bhi minimum salary price (MSP) bhi honi chahiyeaccording to job profile and eligibilitydont you thik dhruv bhai please make video on this issue on this
Thank you for your video. Furthermore, these 3 Bills of Law will simply remove the 1 to 1 relationship farmers have with their buyers, create mass unemployment in already poor rural areas and furthermore leave the farmers to the mercy person to big corporations.  These new laws remove the courts, federal state and larger governments legal capacity to support farmers during contract disputes and moves this in to the hands of bureaucratic officers  so we should ask is corruption still an issue in India??? The current 'Mandi' and Arhtiyas system provides a number of other key services to farmers, they provide small low-rate loans, labour, network farmers together and provide assistance to farmers when they are struggling. It is also worth noting that farmers are small businesses and if you ask any business owner, cash flow is the heart of any successful business, as many unexpected costs can often arise. These laws will erode a current credit system and no private company will not replace this  and why should they? If farmers in one bad year; are at the mercy of corporations, have no access to credit and state intervention or legal recourse they will be forced to sell their land to respond to a short-term problem when they arise. Once they sell their land, they sell the only asset that they may own. In fact, in every western country it is well known a persons earnings only contribute to 25% of their lifetime wealth, whereas 75% wealth is attributed to what they own (asset value) and land is an asset that grows in price. This has happened repeatedly to farmers in times of recession when markets are manipulated by inflation and deflation of markets. Anyhow, today farmers in Europe have much more advanced Mandi and Arhtiyas type of system which is known as the cooperative farming - which provide these necessary support services that farmers need. Bihar farmers have already gone through something similar and lack an agriculture credit system  is crippling their farmers. Keep the current system its is something that India should be proud of and it should be expanded throughout Hindustan. Jai Hind!
Long live, farmers of India.
From the last 50 years, farmers' plight has not improved. Doing something is better than doing nothing. No law will be perfect in its 1st version . We need to amend and polish it. Most of the farmers are moving to cities and  UN has said there will be a severe food shortage . Why not treat farming as an industry . Agreed 50 years before India was agriculture was the main occupation but things have changed. At end of the day middlemen eat out a lot of profit from farmers. It's better to try something than doing nothing. Things are changing we need to relook into legacy laws.
I don't agree. Because it is about only three state. In Odisha they are supporting the bill.
Vice news just assumed that every farmers is sikh in india and went ahead with this story..... You can mix religion in to any protest ........ I know vice news can do good story instead of this pathetic attempt of fuel this irrational behaviour of some people ..... Atleast your researchers could have read this bill or compare to your countries farm laws .....I mean " Shaking world " ?  such a shameful attempt by vice  news.... Don't fall far down for views ......this protest is like I am buying a fork and my friend is protesting because he thinks this fork can kill him some day ..... Its a hypothetical problem which  government willing to discuss.... But since it is religious war then no compromise..... By the way you choose communist leader to comment on Indian democracy out of million politician india ?  Great... Take the que from communist guy for democracy
PRICE RISING HIGH and FARMERS Not getting the right amount. 12 hrs duty, unemployment, But only one ISSUE  Religion.
Now MSP legitimate status is pending and its vital for the farmers survival
Matlb inka trick dekho aise tym me farmers ka dil jita jab inko farmers se vote lena ho...hayeee ye politics
Help to farmers
95% of Indians dont want the new bill, still they approved it
ek accha sudhar hote hote reh gya but i love bbjp,modi, my india
Sir i am farmer i sell my vegetables 1 rs per kg in apmc mandi , and customer buy it at 20rs per kg where 19 rs gone tell me sir ,i sell my vegetables in apmc ok sir on daily basis , one day i sell only 70rs or i give my tax 50 rs , only 20 rs i earn for 100 kg of cucumbers so u dont know reality go to mandi and check what the procedure is,
I am a farmer and i can tell u that these bills/ordinance  will be disastrous for  indian farmers..... This video only covers one side of a coin......
While implementing upi, most of people are against it and most of the people blamed it will be a failure. So we can't judge anything. Just leave about punjab farmers.
relax police is highly professional and trained ..they practice these situations in Kashmir and they will handle this situation..pathetic Indian ruler like Modi ruining Indian dreams
Honestly, the current Modi administration has disturbed lots of social lives including,religion,the working class among others. Looks like this India is only good for the upper elite class.
e.g. Maybe Laws to protect farmers against corporates.
This farmer's protest is going to be Modi's Waterloo. Farmers are well organised and committed to their cause. Full support and solidarity 
7. Why did the Farmers cornered the helpless police and beat them?
Thanks to BBC for coverage of farmers protest.  Now all know why people are in Delhi for suspension of farmer bills they are not terrorist.  Govt is trying to turn the agenda nd not fulfilling the demands of people of India.  Its not democracy its dictatorship.
we are border districts ok karanrata due to mandi system. we cant sell our group to another state where the price is much higher. 
corporate will  take away  lands of  small farmers
But what about farmers... Ur showing it like its all set by punjab government... Punjab farmers are not fool...in long term scenarios privatization of farming is the future of these bills... U didn't even showed another problems of these bills... Like... Storage permition... What do u think who can afford the bigger silos... Kisan or adani.
Justice for farmers 
Power to these farmers and up their scarlet banners!
Rahi baat toh Why farmers of haryana and punjab are protsating Instead aap k according toh state governments should protest
2. The Indian farmer purchases all his requirements for his/her agricultural needs at a "price" and sells his/ her produce at "cost"
Don't go by croc tears of Supreme Leader. By now entire country have started understanding the game plan. And dont get swayed away by this. Don't forget what farmers have gone thru before giving your precious votes. There was a very important dialogue in the movie Lakshya where Om Puri tells Hrithik....*         *....Same thing applies to our politicians as well.
Keep your spirits high brother farmers.the world is watching and victory soon for you guys. Love and prayers from Malaysia tamilan urban farmer.
0:46 look at the flags on the car , These are khalistani flags (Khalistan is written on them) .These khalistani aren't against government they are against India  even farmers don't support them they are just taking advantage of the situation.
2) I don't think that 2nd law will work as private company first wiil give good contract in starting but after some years they will think of there profits and exploit farmers.
Shows how broke the Delhi cops are with the cricket helmet there. What's he gonna do hit the farmers for a six?
Modi and yogi and Taliban have only one difference that is religion. Remaining they all are sharing a common goal
Vice showed half information as Govt introduced Farms law to make Corporate enable to also deal agriculture and also own farm and storage house as previous to farm lae there weren't allowed. Also mediator between farmer and seller were done away. Due to this protest was done as mediator were left jobless as these mediators looted farmer doesn't give fair price to farmers. But after Farmer protest Farm laws were taken aways . All the good reform were taken back
Thanks to the daily social distancing show for bringing up the plight of India's farmers, I bet they'll take all the help they can get. When I was growing up there was a mantra we were taught "Jai Jawan, Jai Kishan!" roughly translates to "Hail the soldiers, hail the farmers" somehow the Indian government has forgotten this...
Note : Don't think I'm against Kisan. I'm in the support of *REAL FARMERS* .
All Indian farmers -some are very richest some are medium and rest of all are very poor, must be search them and give them economic help Today all Indian communitys are economically healthy, no problem! Today  it is great need run all govt. Offices with no Bride no curreption. This is most sacred duty of MLA's and MPs
This is INDIA MERA BHARAT MAHAN, WHERE JUDICIAL SYSTEM ARE TAKEN ON RIDES BY VARIOUS PEOPLE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT ARE MANIPULATED FOR LAW MADE IN PARLIAMENT DUE TO WHICH 700 AND MORE FARMERS INDIRECTLY KILLED BY POLITICAL SYSTEM.
Through digital india platform.  Farmers can ensure better price for their produce.... jobless educated youth will definitely  turn to agriculture  through  their  innovative  ideas..  Jaihind... Bold step by this govt...
Next - modi to small and medium factory owners -  sell what you produce only to ambani and no msp rights no legal rights etc
Congrats to all the farmers of india....
I stand with government on the price issue of farm products, all other things farmers win. Because it can help government during draught and famines to control the price.
NOW the Govt is trying to break the Farmers and ultimately THIS GOVT will force the entire nation to SLAVERY. ..to be at the MERCY of MODI...DEMOCRACY will go to the DUST BIN.
Some people are so ignorant. These kids who are being interviewed do not understand that it is not the farmers who are negatively affected by the farm laws. If I were a farmer and I am now allowed to sell my produce anywhere to anybody at anyplace like any other industry, I would be elated. This protest is by middlemen who stand to lose thousands of crores looted by them from the farmers and end users.  A lot of this money may have been funding separatist movements using bases overseas. Why are the farmers from other states not protesting? Why is this only Punjab and Haryana? maybe Rajasthan? This is more like Shaheen baug. Congress AAP and Communist parties are behind this. Farmer families have been brought there by being threatened.This is an anti India and anti Modi protest. The government has exposed them clearly. Even the Supreme Court said that a committee will be formed to examine the laws. Yet these anti India protesters do not want even that. It clearly shows they do not want any resolution except withdrawal of the laws WHICH IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN PERIOD!. This is a democracy but freedom given under democracy is being exploited because the rights of the citizens of Delhi and those who use the highways for their livelihood is being trampled upon.
Coverage of the video will be less....as the video is in English...the purpose of the video should be useful on grounds and not for video business......hope he understands that there is a problem going on in the country against the farm laws...
Pls support to our farmers 
in 2006 msp was removed from bihar ,up which caused farmers to migrate to punjab to fulfill their family needs.
The bills has to bee seen in other context of other reforms taking place too. There is already a provision of creating 10k FPO by government, thus giving them the necessary bargaining power. So, when seen in its entirety, farmers over a period of time for better price discovery and collective bargaining power, will be in good position through FPO
Using Jeep as a weapon... and the weapon was supplied by? So why is Ajay Mishra saying he is not involved? If he claims he and his son were not present when farmers were killed, than Dawood and Osama were not present in New York or Mumbai where people were killed but we blame them because they provided weapon and ideas thus were master mind of the whole operation.
Farmers' rights should be the top priority of the government. But are the real farmers aware about the benefits of the new Farmers' Law  or they are just carried away the propaganda of people with self interest ?
With these Laws introduced, "Actual" farmer can move around anywhere and start selling produce at a better price than the MSP.
It's not one sighted police is doing their job, farmers are not doing their job.
3. Once a commodity move to essential commodity list then it should be there for a minimum of 6 months to discourage price manipulation.
With the current Farm laws, Indian farmers situation is just like the two examples above - they can sell their produce ONLY to government authorized mandi/market. The New Farm Bill opens the market for farmers so that they can sell their produce wherever they get higher prices. (The new law is beneficial to the farmers.)
Farmers andolan and its success is an inspiration for deprived farmers of whole world.
#KisanProtest # #standwithfarmerschallange #kisanKiBaat #FarmerProtest # #_ #IamWithFarmers
The conclusion is more important. Remove the middle man and buy directly from the farmers.
It's a Win for all those who sacrificed  their life and fought for their right, They were called Khalistani and traitors , so at last the goverment acknowledged they were farmers
To Punjabi, Haryana, and Western UP Jat farmers - please leave the rest of Indias farmers alone, let them sell their goods wherever they want, and not be regulated by corrupted officials at every government level. 
Arrogance of power  let down fall of many empire's. Hope Bjp will become current congress.
A middle ground needs to be found, I love my sikh brothers and Punjabis and farmers. A middle ground where govt policy and farmers interest both should be taken care of
My dad is Japanese and my mom is an Indian.Our family stand with farmers Love from  Japan . Keep doing the good work AAP 
How to lie, learn from modiji
Ye actually CAA NRC ke sath bhi hota ager Covid na hota but koi na Der aaye durust  Aaye FARMER OP
persons who are against this protest do not know the results of this law..when India is on the verge of destruction in terms of everything then these people will awake..one min.silence for these people...
Just a strategic move, right before elections in UP and Punjab.. it could have be announced on any day, any mann ki baat show, but the choice of day is a religious day... Everyone in media first gave tags to our Sikh brothers like terrorists and raised questions if they are really kisan or not seeing their appearances.. comments like 'Kisan hoke pizza khaye ja rahe hen,
But market price is less the company cannot purchase.     The farmer go to tehildar but the do nothing what farmers did
People of Haryana and Punjab, ye bill sirf kisano ko kamzoor nahi karega balki in rajeyo ki arthvayevstha ko khokhla kardega. Agar kisan ke pas kharach karne ko paisa nahi hoga to shahar main vayapaar kaise hoga. Please I request everyone whether businessman, student, private employee to protest this bill as at the end of the day it will impact everyone.
I know an American should not say on foriegn matters but Indian government is mad especially Modi americans hope Rahul Gandhi or CONGRESS government in 2024
Last year CAA now this Bill... Both are the public interest that people don't want this to law to come into force in India
Samdish plaza make a new video on farmers protest plzzzz bhai this is my humble request plzzzzz bhaiiiii.....
Punjab farmers has save india from acute hunger and now it is time for entire India take a stand for India farmers.
We are with farmers
Those opposing the farm laws are not culprit but those showing stubbornness of a complete repeal have played role widening trust deficit bw both the parties.
What all need to understand is, india has many small landless farmers who are also uneducated and don't know about market or laws. Their produce is also less to sell in wholesale market. As a result they end up selling it to big so called farmers and very very low price. Which is then sold on to mandies, which by the way is also controlled by these big so called farmers. Small farmers can't sell in mandies even if they want to.The whole protest is to make sure that those small farmers don't get access to free market. And they can be exploited by the big powerful so called rich farmers. Honestly, I feel the mob accumulated as farmers are not farmers, thats a paid mob. You can buy anything, including mob. Hence education is necessary for all, that includes you as well. Please read these laws Mr #TrevorNoah
I am an educated farmer.
But sirr wheat or bhi jo fasal he ,to unki m.s.p govt. Pehle se fix kar deti he to firrr apke acc. 25 rupaye se 16 kaise hogaya mtlb jab fasal katenge kisan to msp thodi na badal ti he wahi rehti ye aapki baat kuch samjh ni aayi,,vaise contract farming ek badiya option he farming sector k liye
Ha,ha,ha, the farmers are saying they are not fighting the police are saying that they are not fighting, the farmers say that they are belong to India, the police also say they also are Indian so who are fighting whom I wonder.
Modi gi can do never make fool indian farmer , , because all indian farmer  , because   farmer has super mind than modi gi
i just hope people see this as a win for honest farmers who toil all year long and get paid less than what their hardwork is worth. Never support people who try with all their might to soil an honest and genuine effort with dirty politics and their personal greed.
ye kaam accha kiya Modi ji ne let them decide the price.
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'
Which corporate is protecting Farmers and people. Corporate companies give first preference to theirs wellness for that they may do anything
Why aren't any protests around the whole country? Especially in the other agricultural states? Why only Punjab and Haryana?
After Trump , Modi will be remembered in modern history for his hypocrisy & division. Prayers to Indian Farmers!
But some goons are keep these farmers on road to keep there shops running.. 
With the new bill Farmers will have option to grown what's in demand in the market,
Thnx bro we supporting r farmers. I farmer  bro. I love u my bro
I am a law student , My father is a Farmer. Thanks for rising your voice, disscuss about the real facts of farmer. Love from Assam.
U should have contacted atleast few farmers  before making this video  it would have helped for better understanding of the bill and at end u ending up with exact matter and source of info shared
5. no steps to enhance the legal protection for farmers if in case any grievance is filed.
Tractor Rally happening right now! Jai Jawan Jai kisan
Now that even Modi is against the farm laws, will the bhakts call even Modi anti-national?
I am a bjp supporter but after watching this video this is not the right bill for farmers. But change is important in farming sector. Hope they will talk and make changes in the bill. 
Please support farmer 
Farmers are great
Reforms to be held but in accurate perspective. These laws failed in big economies in the world. Now Europe have made another law no one can buy crops lower than created price than India also have to bring the msp law reform and it can bring independence in farming sector.
50% of population with 85% GDP subsidies 15% GDP producing other 50% of population of India. This doesn't seem fair to the them. Most farmers get free electricity, no income tax on farming, subsidized food, and some times even debt forgiveness still these people dont feel it's enough and think Government is some money plant. In fact, they work only 4 to 5 hours a day and most of the work will be done by the labourers. The fact is they are lazy and want more.
First & foremost, why can't the state_ intervene to abolish tenancy in Punjab & Haryana.....so farmers have no obligation over the state(like in other states,)....... Secondly ,instead of creating confusion the state must insist that no land stays untilled & does_not_give right to the farmer to sell their agricultural land for any purpose other than cultivation ....
Mcd election is near so delhi is suffering corona wave  bjp virus leke bhi politics karenge
*Farmers are ANDATA of Indians,
Indian government ALWAYS treat PUNJAB very bad shame on you MODI and his GREEDY government
Crystal-clear well explained video on Farm Bills Dr. Ji! 
    Here u hve Rakesh Tikait as ur so called leader who don't hve any agenda other than coming out to be a politician. Your platform has been used for unhealthy practices nd u can't deny the fact.(khalistaani) were in the protest!  It's better to be ur own representative nd hve one on one conversation with govt. 
I respect the Chairman of Rajyasabha and Deputy Speaker, But he has allowed and facilitated  parliamentary democracy to be Murdered  at both instances passing and repealed of Farm Laws... Better to resign than to follow orders...
Further you are saying that large corporates will arm twist the farmers. Well my dear that's not how economics works when it comes to free market. Coz there will be another corporate who will see the situation and will just offer a slightly better proposition and the farmers will sway to this buyer. 
Chor police... Covid gaya tel lene.. Saale election, rally sab ho rha covid kaha hai...
Farmers must get protected with MSP  in private entity.
most of the farmers protesting are from punjab and a few from Haryana/UP maybe. Most of the farmers are happy with the reform. This uprise in punjab is mostly because they had adapted to the present system. almost all of the punjab farmers are covered by MSP. While only 6% of all farmers in india overall received any MSP incl. punjab farmers. MSP on these production has led to its over production while they could produce crops india actually needs and in fact imports. There's no incentive to move onto a new crop that the country actually needs!
No matter what religion or what culture or what country you are, if you are in problem, punjabis are always there to help and support you. But now they need help, so we all as citizens of united india should help and support them as much as possible !!!
This jahil tikket need election ticket... His sponsorers do not want to stop this agitation...all farmers are not supporting this agitation Only  soecialy from 2 states... Now this jahil group should leave  delhi border if not court must intervine...
You are negative thinking  in your approach.Contract Farming is not mandatory to farmers.Farmers can export to outside country if price reduces or they can still sell to govt mandis of MSP price.Govt cannot give subsidy for every commodity. Inflation and deflation is every commodity and price manipulation is in every sector. Example Petrol. Farmers are uneducated
Chaudhary Charan Singh was really a great leader who worked for farmers 
#IstandwithFarmers
The research provides very limited view of the problem. Please check how many farmers were actually able to sell crops at MSP before this law. This law takes power away from traders, who are exploiting farmers today. Whether the alternative (big corporates) will actually exploit the farmers is still just a hypothesis.
And again swamiji said  agriculture should not be like what our farmers performing Now.. It should be like science that is agriculture science as it is in America,, we should learn agriculture as a science.. And because America had done this, it is developed in all aspects
2) Now you pointed out that this law can be misused by corporates, but there is other side to this, farmers will become even more free to sell their produce anywhere/Anyone they want. They will not be tied to a Market(mandi). This i think is a good move for the farmers too, but what are the ways in which government can plug the gap here to avoid corporates to misuse this. Might be a very good topic for you to ponder on.
We are happy for your farmers they had lot of struggle  only a family of famers can understand stand the struggle 
Kudos! Brilliantly explained. I just have some questions around MSP. Won't making MSP a legal mandate affect the quality of the produce? Shouldn't there be some benchmark around quality as well as the kind of crop being produced? Should a farmer producing substandard produce or a crop which is abundant in supply in the market be also allowed to avail MSP? Or do we introduce MSP on only some crops which we foresee as needed more during the next 2-3 years keeping a certain qualitative standards in place for the crops. Thus reviewing MSP becomes a yearly or two yearly process for the Govt.
Bro, I listen to you, just one thing, dont call fans of kangana or modi supporter Bhakt, bhai disrespectful lagta h for us Bhakt bhagwan ke hote h, please, i hope you understand. Paltu bol lo, Bhakt ni.
BJP: Those are rice farmers and we dont eat rice.
Those who are eating food plz pray for farmers
Thirdly i correct you that there's no kind of mandi tax on any farmers,( rather than the vague traders are cutting down mandi tax on them that's  illegal)
Farmer's Will Realize Their Loss Soon...
Boht sohni video bnai aa.. Thanku support farmers protest.. 
Forgien media always glorified Punjabis we haryanvis gave our blood and savings in this protest but even a single forgien anchor even mentioned name of Haryana or up jats
I have watched this video more then 10 times whenever I do my answer writing on MSP, Farm Act 2020, APMC, or any agricultural topic I prefer this lecture.
Don't think farmers are only in Punjab and haryana... What about the rest of the true farmers it might be favourable to them!!! Don't expect govt to act as u(fake farmers) say!!!
Support the Indian farmers 100%
English subtitles would help me understand the situation better........... I know its  not good for the farmers  :(
India lost, BJP won.
 Real farmers protests peacefully even till now against laws please represent the true fact ...
If for the first couple of years, big corporations offer better prices for produce, the farmers will be discouraged to go to the mandies. Correct? What happens to all the employees in the mandies? You think the government will retain all employees? The revenue from the mandies is also used for development in the local areas so lesser revenue lesser development. Do you expect the Modernized Corporate parallel mandies to employ all the low class laborers who currently work in mandies. Do you even know how many laborers work in mandies right now? Do you know where they will find an alternate job?
Farm reforms are desperately needed in India.
Clear video of killing farmers doesnt prove them wrong. But a T-shirt shows connection. I hope your generations will praised for such act of bringing nonsense angle and ur illogical news.
Just before Bihar elections Shaheen Bagh happened and  before the elections in Bengal Farmers riots happened. I don't think it is coincidence. There is leftist mafia behind this violence. In case of Shaheen Bagh riots arms were purchased by Muslim groups led by Tahir Hussain, AAP corporator. Not liking BJP shouldn't lead to encouraging  violence using weird justifications reminding Ram Janmabhumi movement . AAP has its sights on Punjab is a open secret. Center should take this matter seriously. Violence in the garb of farmers agitation is to serve certain nefarious political achievements.
Contrary to what is being projected in this video, opening up market will provide more opportunities for farmers as they can directly sell to consumers without middle man. 
Everyone who thinks that this bill is for the benefit for Big Private Corporations are wrong. Yes, Big Corporation will be benefited from this bill but farmers are the one who will be availing the actual benefit from this bill..
To apke hisab se bjp farm law lati hai to galat hai hatati hai to galat hai
Pakistani farmers in India .. ???  M* mother will also be ashamed of her son.
Not Indian farmers. Rich Punjabi middlemen. No agitations anywhere - south/west, east - - nothing.. NADA. That's where the poorest of farmers live, where the highest suicides are recorded and they are at mercy of extremely corrupt middlemen who have manipulated the market and destroyed lives of millions. Yet you choose to report only the narrow but loudest section where politically connected middle men pushed this agitation. Your agenda is transparent vice news. You know the facts quite well - you guys know what the reality on ground is. I could have chalked this out for your usual ignorance of global affairs but this one is grossly biased.
I have one query: for sugarcane farmers there is a rule of giving their money in 14 days and it is a very clear rule on paper then why their payment by sugar mills is not released till 12 -14 months? Is there any example of any sugar mill owner ever punished for delays. 
Tikait and duplicate farmer's are responsible of  farmers death' jai Hind
Wallah it brings tears in eyes... Love from Pakistan for all the farmers all around India  Respect for them 
There no control on probable QC bias  in favour of Sponsor which might lead to farmer's loss due to incompetence.
Great Indian farming is dead forever. Useless . Hated BJP in past, but had hoped that this bill will remove the draconian old law that the British has kept when ruling India (Fun fact even Britain does not follow it now). The faith is sealed for farmers . Sorry to say, farmers, live poor for eternity farmers. If this was reality at least a private company would lease your farmland and plan logistics of moving the product, and you could have lived without, any restrain. The congress never wanted India to be rich, and Modi fulfilled it thanks, we will still be stuck in this well.
It's only for upcoming election when bjp will win the election then all Bill's will reapply and petrol price will cross 150or maybe 200
These laws are already implemented in Bihar . Have a look at the condition of Bihar farmers .
Well explained...I used to watch news daily..but I didn't understand nothing  about it...only debates...why these farmers are protesting ...no idea..from any of the channels...but after seeing your video...I also can explain it to everyone
America also did the same by these kind of laws and the small farmers cannot go to other states or even other district to sell their produce that is why the mandi system needs to be stronger
Anyone who has read the bill knows it has no 'Anti-Farmer' element.
I am belonging to haryana. I know the situation of farmers in my village.
Govt is a failure in explaining this bill properly to the farmers.
Great PM Great Super Man only Modi Ji Jai Ho Modi Jai Sri Ram
Bihar election me koi social distance follow nhi hui h modi ki rally ho ya nitish ka ya tejeswi ka
Indian farmers will not going to be prosperous because of you fools!
Wonderful documentary. Beautifully done but my state farmers has not protested yet
Fake news alert  India doesn't have 250 million farmers ...The number of all farmers in India, very small, small and large is 100 million. So about 0.2 per cent of all farmers in India have reason to protest.
Many Indians in other parts of the country are welcoming the bill, they aren't protesting against the reforms, they are having faith in these reforms that they will improve their income, 
FUN FACT: THERE WAS AND STILL IS NO WRITTEN MSP LAW, MSP WAS INTRODUCED TO REGULATE MARKET PRICES SO FARMERS COULD BENEFIT, NOT TO REPLACE THE MARKET. FARM LAWS WOULD HAD MADE NO CHANGE IN THAT. 
Best line of the whole video "    " Modi ji learn something form our most beloved sir Vikas Divyakirti & improve ur speech punch line
Again modi proved that he is total failure, aap sir Gujarat Sambalo, kyonki baki india Bajeka.... Never seen such a person who works only for corporates and business man. Chunav ke badh app petrol or diesel ko Rs 200 tak leke janeka 
Farmers need us as we need them
Prime Minister Sir, bhains ke age been bajae,bhains baithe paguray . The farmer leaders are not returning immediately. They will wait until the bills are repealed in the winter session of Parliament and utilise the waiting period to work out the next mischief
These are not Indians across south east west of India. Majority are punjabis influenced by middle men or brokers called Mandis. This is a sponsored propaganda by the middle men mandies who was sucking the blood of real farmers for decades.
The price limit means nothing if the percentage increase is not based on a fixed and absolute price of a food commodity.  50% increase from what price exactly?  The food prices will generally increase over time due to population growth and the subsequent lost of purchasing power by monetary inflation. So if the 50% price increase protection from the central government isn't based on a fixed price that doesn't change, then this bill can lead to significant price increases over time.  For instance this year the price increased by 40% for a food commodity.  In 3 months time, the price again increases by another 40% from the now higher price, etc.. The government never steps in to regulate the price, since the 50% mark isn't based on a fixed and unchanging price over time. 
Without apmc government vi msp rate Taya kar sakta he ...
The whole nation is not in the protest. Kerala definitely was not. Bihar where tyres were burnt already has accepted private markets and sell directly. So has Mumbai a parallel market. Arvind has never picked a single axe in his life . So stop this emotional speech on nothing. This is no ' Kala  kanoon' either. It's idiocy and fight of middle men in Punjab who call themselves farmers. 
Great win by Pakistan and China in controlling indian growth
This talk is important not only for UPSC student but also for all Indian farmers and protesters. All facts of farm bills are explained in so detailed and simple manner. Hats off sir...
The contract needs to be between the farmer and the company directly without a 3rd person, on a government platform. If either party fail their actions will be recorded and automatic decision will be made by the software, where each party will bear the loss based on their failure to be adhere the contract. The natural disasters would be covered by the insurance based on the evidence provided!!!
Wrong headline... what gift? The farmers made him tow their line.
Bhakt:Modi brought farm laws...and no one can challenge them...
I still believe that the small farmers' interests should have been above politics.
Those farmers don't look so large..
BJP BHAKTS OPEN YOUR EYES LISTEN to THE FARM HEART
Hariana is not separate country.why they are blocking March of farmers for their grevience
And aj BHI contract farming Hoti hai. Punjab mein. Hum lays to potatoes sell karte hai. But in new bills mein farmer court Nahi ja Sakta in case of any dispute.
Everyone is making a hue and cry about the farmers fearing an uncertain future. No one said a thing about people working in petrol pumps etc around the protest sites who didn't get paid because of no sales due to blockade. These people are the actual poor people who stay in rented accommodation in and around Delhi-NCR. These people are the ones who are being kicked out by landlords with only way to go home where they have no land to till and no jobs. 
Contract based never works with most of the farmers in reality.  farmers cannot wait with their products for long time to bargain for good price because its a food product it will get expired. By storage accumulation and market manipulation the corporates can easily dominate the farmers . the farmers  are forced to sell their products what ever price they get coz getting something is better than throwing of expired products. These is already happening in many states where mandi system are corrupted.
Punjabs apmc is controlled by kender i mean central government, from starting but other states has their own power to set it .
#SpeakUpForFarmers
Yogi g real Indian hero
As long as there is a political issue, there is a farmer.  After that these protesting people will forget this and will do politics by making a new topic/new issue.
The three acts that the Farmers are protesting and why is it important that the journalist in India should help the viewers understand what it interprets for the farmers and the govt. Why are the farmers protesting, what is the governments vested interest.1. The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020. 2. Farmers( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price assurance and farm services act, 2020. 3.Essential Commodities ( Amendment)  Act, 2020. If you guys need help watch this video 
It takes Vox to join the fight for Indian farmers. Massive system collapse in India
Salute Lallantop for showing Truth, No Farmer No Food 
Yeh jo log protest kr rhe the..woh saale range rover ya hummer mein aae the....kisaan kaha se hue woh....farm laws ache the..but chutio ko samaj kaha aaega
This bill is actually good but I have to say because of Modis silence all this miscommunications have happened. Now its too late. He should have spoken about it earlier like he is vocal about it now also should have advertise its pros properly throughout country. Now because of his silence all this congress gang, tukde tukde gang, Khalistani gang, left liberals got ample time to spread a false impression about this bill.. I dont blame the poor farmers on this but Modis silence plus all government machineries are to be blamed. Now he woke up and talking about it in front camera.
Sikh and kashmiri  need freedom from tyrant indian and modi.. Khalistan zindabad Kashmir zindabad
best example would have been the Modi sarkar aur ache din ;)
Question- if the urgent need is to provide msp at mandi Or outside mandi, then how does it help for 94 % farmers who don't get msp?
I live in Punjab and my family is one of the moneylenders and procurement agent for these farmers! There is huge need to shift away from this monoculture practice. The big shocker is that these grains aren't even needed anymore. There is more than a surplus, every year the crops of wheat and rice will rot in government godown. They purchase it for 1888 Rs.\quintal and sell it in PDS for 5 Rs. Per KG. They even thought of making ethanol with the excess paddy. So much water, input and hardwork, they want to decompose it into ethanol. Only a government interventionist program can achieve this economic output
Ye zee news nahi ye bjp news h
What u want sir that Indian lands are sell to ambani and adani what about when NARENDAR MODI IS SELLING WHOLE INDIA TO AMBANI AND ADANI
Protesters are still protesting  I support the farmers
Such an wonderful explanation !  I am amazed by hearing the data though !! Farmers are really in a very bad shape. Hope they will get themselves empowered someday and than only can match an eye with these bills or so called acts!!
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones .
Dusra act : corporate farming ap kr skte ho achi bat h n ary isse quality aur badhegi nayi technology aur opportunity milegi isse bade kishano ko bhot fayda hoga isse apne india ka export badhega ex: china ish saal india se 100000 tonnes broken rice ka contract kr chuka h 22 rupee kilo se wo apne india se china kharidne wala h ab bataiye isme apne india ka export badhega tho automatically paisa ayega job create hogi  soch ke dekhiye aur ye jo bol rahe h ki Adani ambani ish act mein thodi kami h wo sort ho skti h kyuki agar kuch matter hota h kishan aur corporate ke bich tho isme kishano ka soshan ho skta h tho thoda isme sudhar ki need h, lekin corporate farming chota kishan thodi na karega wo apna maal APMC mein bachega unko koi jarurat nahi h ish jhamele mein padne ki
we support farmers...long live farmers
Biggest defeat for the country...now just because of a particular group of people..the farmers of whole nation will suffer..#failure_of_democracy
the reality was explained wonderfully Sir .educating farmers is first step to be taken..where our govt will never do....
I am also belongs, son of former and military.  family back ground . My father is before independence (1947.).is working Bhopal military and my both Grandfather 1&2.side was farmers also.
Respect to Harp Farmer   
Just tell me 1 think After farmers bill ..
RAVISH KUMAR THE ISI AGENT SHOULD BE SEND BACK TO PAKISTAN
All this done for elections only but what ever be the reasons but KISSAN won the battle . #kissanmazdoorektazindabad
You could not say one point against the new Farm bills.
What happened that day is an expression of dissent by the farmers who have been peacefully protesting for 2 months and losing their loved ones amid cold and covid. Almost 150+ farmers died in the protest. The government passed the laws amid covid and declared postponing it just days prior to Republic Day for their reputation. They care less for the farmers and more about their image. Police clearly fired unprovoked tear gases to the peaceful protestors and the whole mess began. Thats a ground report ! Protestors were seen distributing water bottles to police and protecting female police from the chaos. Yes they hoisted their Sikh faith flag but whats wrong with that? The National flag was way up higher and untouched and the Sikh faith flag is a reminder of the dissent of farmers who have heard zero response from their democratic prime minister about the farm law protests since day 1 as if pretending the country is well and stablilised. Guess what? The government stopped/slowed Internet services in the capital to prevent the authenticity of the day get out! 
Sir one concept talk on krishi bill or kisan aandolan
Solidarity with farmers
Fake news, They are not farmers
Thanks to Arvind Kejriwal sir n all farmers stay 
If old was good then y were the farmers sucided in the past.
Punjabi farmers: No. We don't want that. We will protest and are ready to die.
India needs income redistribution, the rich barely pay any taxes and the poor have no welfare support and live in abject poverty.
Best way to solve farmers crisis is to make them leave farming and do some other job. No farmer want their children to do farming, when less than 10% of working population dependent directly on farming their crisis will also become less and less serious. How developed world manages these things?
All because of people not understanding how the laws are beneficial and how they would make farmers more affluent as well as help india as a country become stronger and have a higher GDP. Its a shame to see.
They are not a farmer
Its defeat of real farmers today. Again politics wins over development again in India. I think now real farmers should educate themselves and ask the question to their leaders.
And the protest are only from few farmers from 2 states 
Its not gift .. it is what farmer returned back that was given by govt .. Justice delayed justice denied
Not very sure who is protesting -  farmers or the middleman/commission-agents
Government ne compulsary too nhi kiya hai kii farmers ko private companies ko hii produce sell Krna hai
Great content. As you have represented it states more loop holes than benefits. And that is the major concern of farmers. And at last you asked people to support the bill. Wow. Just for an example, very first reason you said that the traders in APMC decides the price 20-25 rs unitedly. Dont you think that corporate would also get unite at the time of deciding the minimum price out side APMC? Think.
Some farmers ka nahi balki India whole farmers ka revolution tha modi ji
He should have gone and dried the farmers, anyway it is getting cold, so let's have fun.  
No farmer no food...if we fought for others right than why we step back to our own right....
Baby congress supporter 
So true farmers are our treasure. Goverment should need to take proper action regarding this changes...Fantastic explanation given by you sir.
It's really important to understand that current farm regime in India is highly unsustainable, economically, environmentally etc.
APMC is from times of license raaj. It helped at a time when the market wasn't at competitive as today. Today sectors such as dairy enjoy so much of competition that even a player wants to sell at a price 2-3 rupees higher than market price, it's almost becomes impossible. Reforms are always welcome if laid down properly, but the fact is that we need to enter the next decade with an aim to become economic super power.
Anti-Farmer laws passed by Indian Parliament and explained by one of our page viewers and we share with you all:-
Its a loss of small farmers
Only punjab and haryana  where APMC are most developed structure whereas other state lack of structure APMC or they abolished APMC act. Thats why only 6% of farmers get MSP on their crop. We need just APMC in every state structure it every 20 km so farmers will sell their crop easily, thats the issue no one talk about in congress menifesto they promise same structure for every state.
You explained very well. But, brother ola, jio are all private companies but anything related to farmer is government operated. So, less issues but we can think good results because digital world/new agriculture startups will make a huge change.
Great salute to Farmers.. Who showed the way.. How to fight this nautanki govt..
So now its final that a few sections of farmers will enjoy their benefit more like they were middle man who used to exploit small farmers, they'll continue to do so.
#supportfarmers please
In the end u mentioned land ceiling Act detrimental to farmers how? 
Farm bill is very important coz we always wait and depend on price makers# I wish the dealer's come to us and deal with us#
Taking a side is very difficult in this case. Because i feel the bills are neither too right nor too wrong..... Just the timing is wrong. Before complete capitalism, complete socialism is important so that farmers can be united and their produce can be sold collectively. After complete socialisation, the government can gradually sell out the shares of the entity to a private owner or many owners. I think this will help the government as well as the farmers and help to reduce loopholes.
Dear Trevor Noah...I am a great fan of yours..so it truly disturbs me when u don't project all the facts regarding the bill and the protest. Here are some interesting questions u failed to address:-
the panel member appointed by the SC summed up everything with his statement, the 90% of farmers i.e going to remain poor for the next 50 years without any reform, congress party explodes in celebration!
These police are the sons of farmer. So before firing to farmers they must think where do they belong
Yes.  When indian farmers do it.  Its good protests but when american and Canadian truckers do it its squished like a hate March. Noice.
It is said that APMC is not going anywhere as it is in state laws. So it's Not Trade off because if farmers don't get good price in market he can still go to APMC( e.g. vegetables & fruits) and can get their produce sold at MSP. So , it looks like win-win situation for farmers. But only in legal document their concerns are genuine
Farmers who are protesting against this laws are not seeing the benefits they will be getting in the long run.... It looks like they want to be dependent on the middle men and govt. subsidies but the current bill allows them to free themselves and grow more....
Dilly Police ko duty sorke BJP ke spoke person Banna sahiye..Bihar election campaigning nehi dexa tune,atas baji nehi dexe bara aya covid rules batane..
Modi should give one more good news by resigning from the post n handover it to someone educated like Swamy or someone else. Next he will sell india to Ambani or some rich clients.
We need to show respect and say thank you to farmers who have kept us from starving.
Punjabi farmers been portrait as poor despite being richest in India. Lol reporting by Vice, maybe  Punjabis sponsored this video!
I guess it is the most peaceful, organised and genuine protest in the history of India, if not in the history of the whole world. I mean why do u want to pass the bills if the ppl being affected by them are not happy , r u out of your damn mind???
Sir, Please make this video also in Hindi, because farmers and 40% of the Indian population don't understand English.
Govt should impose a line in bill that whether FCI, APMC or pvt companies... Anyone who is buying crop from farmers is can't buy at a price lower than MSP.
Hmm now farmers will become rich as before....
*I've been waiting for this to get an outsider's view and vox got it kinda wrong which questions vox's integrity which I trusted while watching their previous videos. How the state of Kerala which is mine, without Mandi system stayed 4th? We definitely have MSP here, so ensuring MSP is the only thing the acts should consider. Instead of romantizising the agriculture, we need to revolutionize it. We don't need half a billion people farming, we need enough of them to feed the billions.*
M im solidarity  with our farmers. 
2. Ee bill mandis or Middle man close cheyyunnillalo, farmersinu ishtam ulladith kondupoyi sell cheyyamennalle.. that means, if they want, they can continue the existing system. Ith oru demand undakunnu farmersinte productsinu, mandi middle man nalla price thannillel avark vere sthalath vikkam, so a competition undakum, farmersinu bargain cheyyan ulla position kittum, I think it's good for them
I didn't know India had enough land to farm
Great salute to farmers 
8. Why farmers carried Sticks, Swords, Axes with them?
We are farmers from Gujrat.  We was doing better with the new laws. These people did not understand the new law, so we have to go back to old times. Silly people
I think need to approach some data collect company who can collect all the small medium high farmers 
Govt..is saying farmers are under the influcence of "opposite parties"  they cant see that farmer own empty stomach made them to come on road no body wants drama...i was a big modi supporter but now it seems sabko bs eshh...ki jindgi chaiye kisi ko mtlb nahi "SACH M MUH M RAAM BGL M CHURII VALI CHJ H "
For example: If Jio does a contract with a small farmer a commodity, say daal, at market price and goes into a contract for 3 years at that price.  Can they exploit them to lower prices the following term, if so, how to protect the small farmers then?
Farmers here in india are all over india not only in punjab. Punjabis are protesting because they will lose their monopoly if private companies invest in fsrming and make it technologically subsistant
Proud of farmers' victory . Long live Kishan movement . Long live democracy secularism & constitution of India . Fascist government murdabad.
This information needed to reach out to farmers..so regional language or hindi at least..it's good you guys are doing it in English but those who listen might not be farmers..need to evolve your reach
Best video on farm bills. Completely neutral and included all vital information. Can't believe that you managed it in a 12 minute video. This channel deserves more subscribers & views. 
BBC looks cheap?  Not right question, why farmers want go delhi? May she doesn't know farmers protest last two months?
do u consider all other state farmers are worth less? first analise the core issue then speak.. 1st law A Farmer can sell is commodity any where in india. do u know 85% of farmers are less than 3 acres of land. before a farmers commodity cannot reach from one state to state with out  government approval. I think u know approval means mediators and others enter into picture and price is dropped.  now assume if free trade then demand and supply of retailers will rise the price due to computation.
Change for good is so hard to  implement in India because of misleading politicians of opposition party . shame on Indian opposition party .I am a proud farmer .shame on opposition and shame on idiots who supportive of stopping these reforms.
U cant understand what farmer is
Thnk u sir... Wonderful information to easily understand the Farm Bills...
Please make a video on farmer's suicides. 
I am always with my farmers and labours so hardworking I eat food because of these three sources that is labours, farmers and researchers...
This is a democracy and a welfare state. Govt. should consider the farmer's demands. No big farmers will sacrifice their life for agitations. The big industries are also taking subsidised electricity, water, land, tax exemptions etc. Why they are given incentives. People have seen the green revolutions happen in the past which was supported by farmers.
You can tell how well a country is doing buy how the farmers are doing
4) you are also not talking about the guarantee the farmers are demanding I.e msp, msp is not a law, it's a privilege for some farmers that's why lower than 10% farmers trade at msp with the government.
Bhai iss law se sirff farmers ko hi nhi balki  public ko bhi problem ho gi
If you knew the reality of how these mandis work, you wouldn't say that. Doesn't this concern you that the Big COPORATES ARE NOW BEING GIVEN A ** LICENCE TO START HOARDING** FARM PRODUCE?
All people are supporting but I saw two young men shamelessly opposing really very sad Agar ajj nahi to kabhi nahi we all. Should support our farmers
you guys are same for the country.  election harne ke dar se kanoon hi badal dia govt ne.  usko support karoge.   by hook n by crook.  n BBC has wasted  my time with this video.
Sir.. We are with you.. We are with farmers
More over why can't govt add MSP to these bills, they won't because corporate companies won't accept that, if so they won't get them at low prices to sell at high prices.
Mr. Modi and his government giving priority to big corporates, not to the common people of India....
Bjp pagal ho gayi hai...... Another sign after shahen bhag and bengal election.....
Bhai u r right that govt is not looking sensitive towards farmers ,I agree but everything is happening wrong after 2014 as u said seems like u r against Modi not the govt.
all the flags are sikh religious flags. they don't represent farmers in India
It's sad that the farmers died.Shouldn't have happened.
Not agree with him contract farming definition does include in transport but problem is contract redressal mechanism as farmer are not educated understand law .. contract more beneficial for small Farmer as more revenue small farm as exotic plant and new technology can be used ... And talking about stocking that is controversial as warehouse system need private player but all major portion of selling crop under government control we need amend act in which government have control but more private player are there as government not have capital to invest warehouse on that ... If more specifically managing would be difficult
The question still remains why are farmers protesting?
These are not farmers .. so they even look like farmers???
By far the best video I watched on Farm Bills. Thank you bro.
Yogi  shame  on you  , can't  even control  your  state . We want  justice  for  farmers
Kickout BJP and RSS. People from india and corporate indian media those support BJP
Kya awesome community hai, Sikh. Protesting like a boss, no separatist thought against India,  (I know there have been some slogans for Khalistan but pretty much sure the majority doesn't support that). No stone pelting, no abusive words for the prime minister, impeccable unity. Even though I know why it is hard for the government to dis the bills because if the government does then everyone will start protesting for not so important things. I hope the government and farmers come to an agreement that is best for everyone.
Implement FSP - Farmers Support Price
Sir paper knowledge is different than ground knowledge. Go to Village , reside complete two year thier then do deeply study go through problems, and requirements of farmers, IAS mentality means  always favour to govt will. Not satisfied. Explained explaination is incomplete and not favour with exactly ground situations sorry to say above from Maharashtra opposed to contract farming . Traditional knowledge of  farmers will goes to finish . Companies can make purchase from APMC.
Video is informative but overall we all in india should know that how much literate is the farmer and how the corporates as reliance etc will dominate them with the legal terms and conditions also the 3rd law is going to create hoarding and price rise in every day items we can c this even in GST when this jhooti govt said that milk products related prices will decrease but it increased...even in march during lockdown due to covid gvt could not bring down the prices masks and sanitizers were being sold for 2 to 4 times the original price and that also locally made and just with stamps of big companies so all this is just an illusion in the eye of aam aadmi and kisaan ....
Bills must be explained to all the farmers throughout the country in this simple way, or if the opposition is there , we should need to understand more from the opposite perspective!
13. On April 2021, Indian central government said that they will pay the purchased price of rice and wheat by food coorporation of
thangu vila nilkatee... farmersne matram support cheytal mathi.
Farmers have already a freedom of choice exists to sale all over India
Thanks for telling me that India means Punjab and Haryana
And one main thing is private corps can hord as much as they want....operatte cold storage.....whcih is not financially possible by a farmer....
Farmers will feel cheated.
Only farm bill video,I was able to understand
Still y does the farmers have a problem with this bills ??? Is it just politics that's running behind the curtain where the farmers are being played as paws
i tolly agree with this video.... but resons behind why farmers are protesting (in my opinion) is this that a particular farmer in haryana and punjab mostly grows wheat and rice ( mainly small farmers)....  and when they have to sell their products they will get less prices and when they have to buy other products like pulses,  grams,  patotes etc.  .... they have to pay more... ( as said in the video prises will get increased)  and 
They all are not farmers ...I know how behaves farmers ..I am also farmer. I support that laws..why the Panjab people  only rejecting that laws
Last year Tamil farmers went to Delhi and protested for months together. Nothing happened.... I expect same for Punjabi farmers. Why? Because if Modi government gives in, then it's a sign of weakness and BJP can't afford this
In India majority of the farmers have no issue with the new laws only 2 states are creating problem which have opposition parties in power.
Whereas the middlemen/ traders are from almost  same backgroung like farmers...so, bargaining power of a farmer will be lesser in new system.(he can't even go to court against them, as per the new laws)
Farmer quation is currect
Huge respect man and true reporting. Initially i though u will end up making the fun of farmers buttt this issue is real and we can see that in your eyes by the end of it that u have got the right sense of why farmers are here.
Shame on Godi media.. India today is godi media
Great way of explanation but I have one doubt If MSP legalise than consider if more farmer grow wheat and in market the surplus of wheat and consumer still have to buy it at high price. Govt. Can't fix price . Price fixed by market it self. Definitely govt. Need to  Control cartel and corporate interference.
No farmers no food 
Very unfortunate that the so called our Honorable PM Mr.Narendra Modi is not understanding the situations of our Great Farmers.. The Govt.is Completely Failed...Our Country is leaning towards the Big Corporates like Adani and Ambani etc..etc.. The Farmers Bill is Totally unconstitutional....Jai Bheem Jai Bharath
Subscribed your channel. Love from Sargodha, I am with Punjabi farmers of India.
Nice of you to not mention most of the protestors are rice farmers from Punjab and Haryana that only grow it for it's higher MSP.
Ignorant ,ignorance and hysteria without any implementation and how would any consequence can be anticipated. This is just mass hysteria and passions that we Indians are associated to perpetually. The girl speaks what she has been fed , a very short information and very limited knowledge . Read the farm bills line by line omit and deliberate the loopholes . This is uncalled for.
Election near hai islye repeals toh kar raha hai..
 understand the contract of companies & educate about other things relating to farmers development
Support the all farmers, give respect to this person who made this video, jai hind. 
Grow some conscience.. Wonder how you guys  can bash the farmers & still be able to eat the same food which is produced by farmers.. Karma is a bitch & it will get you..
and i am to surprise to see Druv Rathe and Deshbakth channal are always against the goverment and spread hate to BJP ,,, plz  also expose all the good things done by bjp
Farmers have been protesting since 2 years then who is doing farming. Also able to feed their families. Isnt it.
Chal Jhoote... (said in Akshay Kumar style). Had you been really so touchy and sensitive about the farmers issues, you would have never allowed so many farmers to die. So this emotions you are expressing are so shallow and hollow. And yes, your govt. never allowed the debate as it should have been in the parliament. You rushed through the same. Had you been really worried about their welfare you would have controlled the loose canons of your party cadre from insulting them,
And these Sikh farmers have forgotten that the same establishment that BBC is also part of shot innocents in Jalianwala bagh
 UP election..... RIP ...BJP.. 
Government hold Farmer's payments some times more than a year without paying any interest.
bhut shi bola h bhai n,,, fan ho gya m, please everyone understands the farmers and must this is the high time to support
Can't farmers already sell their produce to consumers directly?
These reforms we're necessary to give more options to farmers; more options benefit farmers, but disadvantage big politicians who have stakes in mandis & existing system. 
Hi the last statement says prices go up but needs to look at the competition as well between companies and that may control the prices of commodities. If I am not wrong price control on petroleum and diesel is not in india anymore. As I lerner that prices will be decided by company.
Y rajniti m aana chahra....such khen to y bil syd govt shi s smjha nhi payi nhi to bill farmers k hit m the...pr jo bhi ho kisan presaan n rhe bx
I praise the Bihari man who says .... it was a wrong decision that made UP farmers sell their fields and do labour in Punjab
Sir contract farming lo farmers lands companies chethiki velthai antunnaru kada , asalu farmers Enduku valla lands ni companies ki ammkuntaru? E type farming valla raithulaku okavela loss continue gaa casthe ammukune chance undi, kani deeni dwara farmers ki profit a vasthundi kada sir.
theek hai phir this time UP and Punjab ka election result pataa lag gaya.
This is perfectly timed for UP and Punjab elections. People will lap this up and vote for incompetence again.
Well said, we are with farmers 
If farmers are called as anndaata they are not going to kill any one harm anyone. Police must take charge irrespective of any denomination. It is becoming pathetic view every day. God help those .
Fyi india has 28 states and 8 uts ! And the  farmers of punjab alone protested for the laws and no other state! The farmers of india are not confined to punjab alone!! They are in every state!
We support farmers 
Finally, The consequence of any decision can be seen only when it's implemented but once privatization is in place, Agricultural market is open for competition for fair price market is also a theory which can be given support by minimum purchase price.
Easily confused people thru godi media's disinformation campaign. Educated people are easiest to confuse and don't know modern indian history from 1947 onwards. Thats why demonetisation, india becoming a superpower and world guru of yoga etc are great achievements of bjp's poster boy and india's best actor Narendra Modi and his team of spin doctors.
Farmers power
Is it true Sir on the ground base that our farmers are so literate that they can do online trading as you say? Why not farmers can go to the courts? Government is not willing to do the fastest process of government examination but farmer's goods trading? Why should farmers go to the SDM? There is much more corruption in Z.P.s recruitment. Will it assure that farmers could get justice in front of SDM OR DM? How could farmers manage export while increasing the prices of petrol & Diesel? If Sir, You are saying that there is an experiment in Maharashtra then why there are lots of farmers suicide on the Vidhardbha & Marathwada side? Why can't farmers flourish & rich in Maharashtra? Remove cartel & Oligopoly or monopoly from APMC. There is not the only poor farmer or rich farmer, but there is also the problem of poor Engineer & rich Engineer, Doctor, a lawyer in every profession if you may travel all over India or world. Poor or small farmers can not afford the present APMC system the how can small or poor farmers can afford the new system what is the logic for the new system that the new system can afford to the small or poor farmers? You are saying that the present situation near about 50% or maximum farmers don't know MSP or APMC how could a new system reach towards small or poor farmers? If the government willing that farmers have choices for selling the why farmers don't have choices for the judicial system? There is also a problem if also choices for judicial then there is also the problem that farmers don't have an expert advocate as compare to the corporate or other powerful purchasers who will purchase the farmer's goods. Obviously, middle class or small farmers cannot buy or sell farmer's goods. How can a farmer maintain the same quality of any crop it totally depends on nature like rain, humidity, coldness, etc., other natural calamities? Gujarat Model like Amul couldn't fit all over India because there are different atmosphere conditions for different regions in India. Why there is so much corruption in F.C.I.? Why we could not eradicate this corruption? Why could not our political parties make vote bank on core & fundamental issues? I think it is not the fault of Punjab or Hariyana's farmers they stick to the MSP. I think we have to be thankful to Harayana & Punjab's farmers for their contribution to the difficult time of Indian citizens. Why should traders go towards the small or poor farmers? the problem remains the same in this system also. Could I know the solution to these questions, Sir?
I had a bad impression on North Indians they only think of religion and blindly vote for modi and not thinking of the bad situation these politicians has made their state but there are some people like you.
If ur not a farmer you will never understand the benefits of the new farmers bill. Have you not seen the benefits enjoyed by some politician's n some because of there not being a proper bill? APMC have never been a farmer friendly. Do your homework
All the wise ministers & pitthoos who mouthed all sorts of allegations against the farmers have to now eat their words.......maybe the public needs to call them out & see that all such are routed in the forthcoming elections.
Kahan Gaye voh log Jo bolte they India mein democracy nahi hai. Modi ne yeh proof Kar Diya ki voh ek democratic leader hai. Logo ke protest par laws repeal karna symbol of democracy hai. Autocratic desho mein toh aisa ho hi nahi sakta. Is decision se BJP  ke liye Meri respect badh gayi hai. 
Thank you for talking about our Farmer's protest trevor! Much Respect! <3
Please explain these bills....they are profitable for farmers or not....
So why is the Indian government doing this? What do they say about those new bills?
"Terms and Conditions apply" can cheat farmers.
Why cant supreme court take action on police who helped the politician son to get away after killing farmers
I saport farmers but where is farmer  please bbc don't spread wrong massage to people don't push them. I m alsi farmer and I know how middleman expolite poor farmers. What is wrong with low the farmer leader should come and talk to government.
farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of 
Shame on republic you should show car running over innocent farmers republic is biased...
11. Delhi police booked 300 rioters based on jan 26 2021 cctv camera footage and upon delhi court order. But on 6th feb 2021 farmers unions
I agree most people of India are afraid of government, especially if they are not well off! Go Farmers!
There have been about 76 deaths among the protestors. These are just numbers for the government, but for us, these are humans who sacrificed their lives for the future of India. Modi will have to pay for each and every death.
Congratulations to Farmers, country is with them
To which group of farmer they are actually saying-1.Those 4% rich traders 
I urge everyone to watch Mahipal singh rathore's video on channel 'study iq' on this topic of farm bills. He has explained it clearly.
If Rakesh Tiket has fooled poor farmers and helped middle man .. he has done biggest sin ..
Someone share this to Amit badhana, elvish Yadav and lakshay. They are against farmers calling them bad words.
Just to come back after Punjab Election !!
Sir,apne baitaya ki without any political support!!is it true? Ye kya actual fact haye maye iska birodh nehi kar raha hu maye bhi kisan vaioka support kar raha hu lekhin sir ye information galat haye AIKS, BKU(withdraw kara tha) etc jo sob union haye o kya politically influence nehi haye.. Sir maye apka sab video dekheta hu bohot kuch jan ne ko milta haye but ye wala sayed thik nei baki sob thik haye
Modi is doing bad by selling his farmers to big companies. Privatisation of crops is not a good policy until the governments assist their farmers financially. His God might not forgive him. I request my countrys government to stop helping India until they cancel the black bill.
John Stewart would have done more research, that 250 million figure is wack, the farmers living in one small section of india ruled by the opposing party are participating in this protest, farmers living in most places in india don't even avail these support prices due to various reasons and support the new farm laws, the farmers of one particular region have been made to fear the free market by socialists and some anti-national forces, the current system needs to change as 10k farmers kill themselves annually in the current system, due to debt, and this privatization and establishing open market seems to be the only way, these protesting farmers will also still be able to sell their produce at the support prices even after the bill is passed, they have additionally been given the option of selling in open market, and they are protesting based on a conspiracy theory that soon these support prives will go away, and the corporations will destroy them
I am damn sure 90% of the comments section don't know the laws... Why only Punjab and haryana farmers not the other states
Not even Ambani or Arnab can save Modi in UP election now
Tikait Sahib , The owners of rice in these trucks are BIG TRADERS  VYAPARI. They buy from farmers in Bihar at cheaper rates and sell to rice mills (shellers) in Punjab at higher rates. They are the vultures and blood suckers of farmers in Bihar and Punjab.Because of them MSP is not implemented.
This acts are more favorable towards the company and not legally empower the farmers.
Modi is very cunning, he will pass law of on nation one election and tremendously reduce power of voters. EVM can always be tempered.
Nothing wrong with free market.. in India & Pakistan or mostly south Asian countries ppl expect to sarkar to regulate commodities prices..
Please make a video with aerial view stretching from the beginning to the end of each highway farmers have blocked. These aerial views are how we can estimate how many ppl are there in total.
These laws with snatch land from marginal farmers through Contract farming as per 
So either the protest is politically fueled or the farmers are misguided by those who don't like current government.
Because of election modi
This protest is mostly supported by middle man who make a huge profit while farm goods are sold from farmers to consumers..... 
How was this good for farmers or people, can someoe explain..giving corporate the right to buy crops from farmers at nothing  and store and sell it at much higher prices to people exactly what was happening in the 50s.
We are not support terrorists like BJP wale dalle
My biggest question is why only farmers from a few states (viz. PUNJAB, HARYANA, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan)  r up in arms to oppose this bill? I don't see one agitation from others states though.
Most Mandis are controlled by politicians  and this bills will bring their black market in open and farmers will have more rights. 
Look like speaker never met a farmer or even done a home work..only qualifications is hating modi
My heart with all the families of the farmers who lost the lives of the elderly members of their families....
Farmers should resist this law.
Stop supporting the farmers if you are Rich and can buy food at any price
Janab Punjab me election he isliye
But I think the opposition has lost their major trump card against BJP for upcoming elections...
Most developed countries have this kind of reform which is better for farmers , all this criticism is on assumption that farmer will be exploited but those are assumptions only.
Those r thinking farmers wow..
Stop calling these useless goons farmers.
Justice for Farmers 
May Govt Store that Product that year of Season and MSP price for that Product Decreased by Govt regulator..
you have to understand that there are some of them who do drug trafficking and are looking to reach that is to make your market that is to be able to sell how much this drug So we have a very advanced technology and we know very well What is agriculture and who are people who works in agriculture so far and showed me the press and blackberries also others they absolutely do not work at all in agriculture can stay long and well there that on me I say one that I one If I was there automatically everyone I didn't even notice him more so much so that each person must understand that I will not give in to make each one sell their drugs or other and other nonsense of theirs, each person must not understand, maybe you will tell me what it is and how it is and etc etc But I tell you one thing I know that every person is looking to sell certain things but I ask one more question for the whole of India is a 78 year old person who nor can he stand up anymore So in two questions two questions even gray culture makes This man where is the youth and where are people of the second generation So we have no old people and youth where I am I have not seen any young people these is not gray horse crops you see there who says he writes is farmer the question mark may be 1% or 2% farmers but the rest none Look at your hands and your hands tell you if he is a farmer or not I looked at each and every day and I one I say I'm not a farmer. I know you're going to criticize me. They have to understand that
4) Standard Format of Contract eg to pre designed form for farmers to understand
Thank you so much Trevor for bringing this to the forefront of discourse. This issue was a major one and yeah gladly the farmers won against the unfair and oppressive laws. Down with the tyranny. Hail democracy. 
The goondas won. Real farmers like Ambani and Adani will suffer. Sad day for india.
Hope so i will do everything for farmer one day
Hello Dhruv, love your videos and the all around perspective. I sometimes agree with your points and at times disagree. But i still follow you for the knowledge you share. In the beginning of the video you mentioned that it would be difficult for a small farmer to negotiate with bigger companies, but i respectfully disagree. Isnt that an assumption? Today when i apply or work for a huge organization, i negotiate my salary. Not saying its a like for like but farmers have a union and much stronger negotiation possibilities. Perhaps a middle ground / hybrid approach couldve made it work..what if this worked better and farmers earned more than MSP ? Just sharing my opinion. No offense here. Thanks for all the work..
If, there is legalization of MSP, what will happen if there is a bumper produce in a year? Which buyer will buy extra produce with higher price? What if the Pvt players refuse to buy? Govt only buys few produce at MSP.
I really appreciate the new law made my the government. Government has really done a great job. In the new law it is mentioned that farmers can sell their corps by their own price. At first farmers used to sell the crops at whatever price they were given by the buyer but now they can sell their corps by their own price. Only farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting, on other hand farmers from the states like Maharashtra, uttarpradesh, tamilnadu, Karnataka, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and many other states are really appreciating this new law
Yogi and minister and Modi you need take responsibility then only this will not happen again.....in india....if you have belife in Indian democracy ..... you take charge on your self........if not this is not good for hole country
Get out of your comfort zone and face the reality, these farmers are fighting a bigger war not just for themselves but for everyone of us. Lets support them now so we don't regret later on.
Punjabi farmers should protest against the government, world governments nowadays are getting so corrupt and making stupid decisions.
But isn't MSP already guaranteed in the bills?
Congress blames that train was a BJP supporter it didnt stop on seeing farmers
Punjabi farmers are protesting not all of india
On Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) - instead of going into complete economics lesson, I will give you a simple expample of 2020 Rice sale. A large portion of rice grown in Bihar was bought by traders and then transported to Punjab and Haryana and sold there at the Mandi's at MSP being provided there. This was due to the fact there is no MSP in Bihar. Please check the data, the price which the farmer got in Bihar and what the Trader made. If the free trade was the answer then the movement would have been reverse.
Now farmers have well knowledge now they'll never batoo may nhi aye ga kabi bu
More power to the Farmers!! 
The thing is the market system which was present before was not capable enough to do proper justice to farmers, as you guys have stated too. Even the present opposition has also mentioned that farming laws in India needs changes in a way that it gives more benefits to the farmers. 
nice decision before the elections...well played modi!!!...now, stupid people will vote for him and he'll renew these kinds of laws if he wins agian 
keep doing, last govt change his rubbish decision on farmer rights
Can USA shut down all their Agriculture based companies. That is what Indian farmers want. Please support them. Shut down all capitalism in USA.
This is absolutely useless - After 1991 economy opened up and there were lots of job, another 50 years when the ground water is gone in Punjab and Haryana and then what they will do. We need investments in Agriculture and that is what this Law will bring. Innocent farmers are being mislead !
I looked into it and as i see it the laws will help the farmers
You need to get fact check buddy....it is like you supporting Trump from India 
BJP bs gundagardi krti h..... God knows what will be India's future...
You focussed only on the problems caused by Apmc. You totally left out on discussing the problems that could be created by the complete privatization of agriculture. Tumne toh naye bills ko discuss hee nahi kiya and you also did not address the fact that rules were broken by bjp in the parliament to pass these bills undemocratically. 
Will Kejriwal speak truth that how these 3 laws were black and harmful to farmers.
This is only 1 percent farmers. Vice should ask other 99 percent for supporting this law.
This guy didn't mention German farmers protest so did the rest of westen media.
I stand with the farmers!
The government's main approach is to cut off the various 'Middle-Men' links that exists in the country because the supplies are reguated at least twice before reaching the City or town markets.The different tiers of middle men create their own profit which indeed exploits the original prices  which is earned by the farmers,if the laws will cut out these men then most probably farmers can earn better prices but the implementation sparkled protests because many of these farmers who are out here protesting are themselves part of local trade links or have not clearly understood the government's plan.Also I personally think it's because the Congress political party has funded Punjab farmers(as Punjab is a congress State and the party have influence there) to simply defame BJP central Government and as you can see the protesters are all Punjabis and not even a single person can be seen who is not Punjabi.
No words virasat sandhu veere to describe how beautiful this song. is proud to be a farmers child,a Punjabi,a Sardar.              keep rising and shining virasat veere .
MSP is used by Rich Farmers / Artiyas to transport harvested crops from other states like Rajasthan UP by Farmers / Artiyas and then selling it , inPunjab ,  to Govt. agencies in Mandis at MSP as locally harvested produce
Thank you for supporting and highlighting this protest Vox ... great appreciation from India, as indian media has got completely corrupt n unwilling to show the reality  
Farmer didn't know what's going on 
Proud to b farmer
Modi had to bow down to the power of the farmers.
new digital godi media spotted..... a true competitor of OPindia in the market ...hahahaha
One year wasted for farm laws.Only  about 8% of Indian farmers attended this agitation.That is only Punjab and Haryana.Maharastra.Karnataka..MP...Kerala...TN...UP...Goa...WB...other states 5% farmers not participated.Is Punjab farmers are only in India.It is nothing but Silly politics.Both sides lost nothing and gain nothing.
I have a doubt, imagine that the price of one product in Kerala is 500 and that of same is 250 in Tamilnadu. The price of this product is higher in Kerala due to employee wages and other service costs are more expensive in Kerala than Tamilnadu. So if the farmers of Kerala need to get some benefit they should sell it for atleast 500 rupees. But the Tamilnadu farmers could give the same product in Kerala market for 250 rupees. In this case the corporates will aim at producing that product in Tamilnadu and sell it in Kerala with high price(say 400). This will be harmful to the farmers in Kerala. Am I right? How this new act will address this problem? Can anyone clarify my doubt please?
2. Farmers- directly company    contract ... Lays(PepsiCo)    
700 farmers died what punishment for Aandaa Khanoon inventor
PM Modi crafted the Farm Loot Bills, in consultations with Ambani and Adani.
We stand with Indian farmers in this time of despair.
The farmers should file a petition in the supreme court of india.
You didn't explain a single word from the farm bill! What they dont know, they dont ! 
Dear presentation is ok but contents are not ok.   Onion marketing can't be compatre with wheat marketing. Contract farming is not so easy as mcd example. Farmer is free to sell any where in market and do on
Thanxx to both of uh to understand farmers
I request to aaj tak being the Sr. Citizen of  BHARAT thart what is going on in the Rajya Sabha n Lok Sabha is there any right? to MP's MLA's to say any thing in unparliament language to insult our country by not giving the respect to our HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA and they almost Mr khadge and adhir ranjan rahul etc. aap party tukde tukde gang etc. Saying anything which they wants to say in their own miss language is it the proper way ? Who is tikait? he is taalibaani hese all are the enemies of our Nation and violating the law and orrder w
5.3K zee news supporters spotted.
Don't try to cheat again  Now people of India is going to BJP from the power MUFTH INDIA FROM BJP
FOR US FARM BILL  Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC): refer to these article   https://www.usda.gov/farmbill
Nice video on farm bill 2020.. I have seen many video but couldn't  understand when I have seen ur video , I have understood every process and new term about farm bill 2020.. Thanku Sir
Who is here after farmers have reached delhi and are protesting peacefully
Its all farmers will power hats off to them definitely the dictator should give justice to 734farmers lives  they must compensate to those farmers atleast 
Punjab farmers plz stop exploiting fellow Indian other State farmers, tax payers money, ground water and Delhi's air. 
TALKING COVID19, WHAT COMPENSATION GOVT GAVE TO THOSE WHO DIED OF COVID19. FIGHTING FOR LIFE BY THE FARMERS IS  EQUAL TO THAT OF FIGHTING AGAINST COVID19. NON VIOLENCE NOT RESPECTED BY OUR OWN COUNTRY PEOPLE.
I can understand when they say son of a farmer as am one !
Why our govt is doing this to our farmers
The Indian government offers huge subsidies for the corporates to set up a business in India. But they suppress the poor farmers. These farmers feed the whole country and most of them cant even make a living wage. More than 30% of the food produced gets wasted. This wastage directly impacts farmers and farm prices. The government should instead focus on strengthening the supply chain, eliminating wastage and ensuring that the farmers reap the benefits, not big corporates.
Found nothing against the intrests of farmers.
I'm also with our farmer 
Bhai  ,amazing videos,,I watch same one and other every single day .please make more videos on farmer protect..big respect and love to and cameraman parth....
PM Modi make Shindu Boarder to Wagha Boarder because PM Modi ji & BJP RSS loves  pakistan too much ?
Most of these states ruled by Congress party; Punjab (2013, SAD), Tamil Nadu (2019, AIADMK), Odisha (2020, BJD) passed separate Contract Farming Acts
BBC has been told by Indian Govt not to report on Farmers Protest since Sept 2020
The 700 farmers died of covid and old age , farmers rejected the long awaited reform now suffer the consequences
I was a BJP supporter but now bjp is becoming adani ambani run party.. Look at unemployment, oil prices hiking, gas prices hiking, inflation, farmers unrest, middle class people suffering most... So don't vote BJP
This is a one side of the story ... the video needs to show the other side as well ... companies like PepsiCo are already buying directly from farmers in Punjab anyways ...
"Students misguided , doctors misguided , farmers misguided , Maltab India ki half population hi misguided hai Wah bhai " nailed it 
What a guy so mature and present of mind outstanding. He is really genius and educated child and also farmer
In 1966 sardar were on the street against CM Bhargawa for seprate nation or atleast separate Punjabi state with exclusively for Sikh people. 
We support farmer
The small farmers are afraid  because of competition with big farmers, companies---etc.It's reasonable slightly.The governments have to see this matter only with priority  but the law retains for future with correction options( periodically),by watching the problems occurs.
Lot of farmers lives were lost...but farmers are brave
why people treating farmers like non essential job... how if the farmers are agree not to sell their product except for their community... that would be a disaster for people in the cities...
Congratulations to all the farmers for making history, the next generation will definitely get inspired from you all. 
Farmers subject to severe hardship and suffering, away from home for more than a year and stay in Delhi borders.
Big farmers of Punjab and Haryana who sell at MSP to FCI in these mandis are thinking (and are forced to think by politicians) that in future Govt. may stop procuring at MSP (but the amendment does not say this at all) of wheat and Rice and if prices fluctuates on lower side then they may loose because then they have to sell to private traders. BUT why not the other farmers of India are protesting. The Answer is....................MSP is announced for all over India for 25 crops but SINCE 1965........(when FCI got established).............FCI HAS PROCURED ONLY WHEAT AND RICE AND MAINLY FROM THESE TWO STATES PUNJAB AND HARYANA (and to a certain level from MP, Rajasthan, Chattisgarh also). BUT mostly Punjab and Haryana farmers, traders, commission agents, govt has benefitted till now. And who has lost...........135 crore Indians, All other state's farmers.
The farmer are legend human
The laws have been challenged in the supreme court nd Govt has also suspended the implementation of the said laws under sworn affidavit to the court ...in the above circumstances,what's the point of farmers blocking the road for months together? Every move of so called farmers defy all reasonable logic
600+ FARMERS lost their lives in protest 
you should speak to farmers who are protesting , dont think all  farmers are illiterate
If he has been so closely associated with farmerss issues, why was the silence during farmers protests?
Fake so called farmers 
Zee news alyo kisan metro de tracks par nahi baithe han
Please go and read the new law first................this is for support and upliftment of poor farmers.
Very soon India pm Arvind Kejriwal 
Who those loving people's doing dislikes pls understand farmers feelings bro
Pubjab farmers rightly protesting because they don't want to loose what they get(MSP etc). But not at the expense of suffering of farmers from rest of India.
Sath me govt ko private entities ko regulate Karna Chahiye. Non APMC market me bhI MSP lagu boni chahiye. Govt ko ek committee banana Chahiye ki yeh dekhke ke liye private entities ke dwara kisaano Ka exploitation to Nahi ho Raha hai. Kisaano educate bhi Karna Chahiye bcoz the main problem also education.
Please translate into simple Hindi and Punjabi so that the farmers in Haryana and Punjab can watch this video and understand what  the farm bills entail. There seems to be a lot of misinformation on the bills which is causing this agitation.
This entire drama is planned in  Pakistan using Sikhs. They came to Delhi, committed terrorist crimes, put up their flag on 26 January and then  ran away. But this foolish Tikait now wants to be a "Farmers Leader" maybe that he thinks he will enter politics. Out of all this only Hindus and the nation Bharat will suffer, all the cunning ones have run away.
When the country INDIA was in starvation  then  PUNJAB .. HARYANA AND WESTERN UP provide the food to REST of india by green revolution
Such a coward govt, if bjp is walking towards secularism then we people know how to stop u, what we got from the farmers protest deaths, economic damage, property damage, frustrated public ? My only question WHY SO LATE ?
People who never went to fields are giving advice to farmers LOL 
Came here after watching Shekhar Gupta talk about farm reforms being much needed and good for the farmers and the country. Now after watching this I am totally confused.
Farmers thodi hote hai humare desh me khalistani hote hai terrorist hote ... wahi to desh ko roti khilate hai .. shame on Farmers
It might be a great thing for farmers but its obvious that their not willing to takr the risk.
This government wont listen to anything... Be it notbandi or nrc/npr or kisaan protest...yehi sarkar desh ko buri tarah baategi.. Dekh lena
Farmers protest has created history not only for standing firmly against 3 laws but has made countless precious memories for people to cherish forever  Great show of fight for  righteousness, courage, tolerance, discipline and unity of humanity 
Finally if the current situation is so great then why is there on an average difference of 60% between the farm and fork in India- whereas in most of the countries the difference is only 10-20%. So this bill would benefit both the farmer and the end consumer.
1) The farmers who r involved in the protest themself lack this knowledge.
I stand with farmers from J&K.
1. Mandis are a cesspool of middlemen and brokers who suck the life out of small farmers.
Before the video- why r farmers protesting?
Jai ho farmers 
Thanks for the making this video for farmers
Politically instigated farmers don't want private entry in the agriculture sector. They didn't want discussion they just wanted to repeal the laws. Indian Agriculture sector would go back 20 years.
6- india vese bhi completely free market nhi h jab WTO me farmers ki subsidy ke liye USA se bhid jata h to apni country me to unko support ke hi sakta h.
Who's here after government decided to repeal the farm laws? 
Now that Modi has bowed down to the farmers demands, the leftists opposing CAA, NRC, Abrogation of Article 370 will look at this as an example and demand their demands be met in a similar fashion.
Take respect farmers,for your courageous stand to exact your rights, preserve livelihood.Hope the Government listens to your demands as you farmers the only growers defying cold-rain-heat for a country and the world alike to feed on.Without farmers,no choice but to starve.
Kejriwal is best cm in whole India...and he will become pm one day
Support Farmers. 
Western world have high taxes how can 3rd world countries do this.  I support farmers.
2. Farmer cooperatives  should be formed asap for better price discovery and bargaining power with private companies. 
Farmers should not forget that they were called Khalistani and terrorist.
Farmers Won...
Example of this is USA after privatisation of agriculture sector growth of farmers big or small has completely stopped 
I blame Punjab politicians for this mess. They have made farmers like addicts that want a constant fix of free water,free electricity.Not a single local party raises the issue of sustainable farming.Whole  situtation is kinda sad .I believe farm laws were step in right direction,though benefits were not communincated very well
5. If after the contract price finalized , price of consumables required for the farming increase then does  the company pay the extra cost.
My mamaji at present is in Delhi with his tractors  ..and tomorrow possibly we will also be joining ....galat panga le Lia Modi ji n ....
People are with the farmers of the country. God keep farmers spirit high. JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN. JAI OUR ANN DATA
MSP is not possible because of WTO agreement. The current condition is terrible for the farmers, the Act may or may to lead to similar condition. But by demanding to discard the bill farmers have scored an own goal. They got fooled by the opposition politicians.
But didn't explain the point bihar 2006 and why protest of farmers
It does not matter to most Middle class if farmers live or die. That is the hard truth.
Support to farmers and sikhs from Indian occupied Kashmir
As a small coconut farmer, our business is trapped by middleman for decades,I thought these reforms would finally make farming more profitable.,Now we r back to square one., I'm fucking disappointed with this govt,if you can defend a dumb rule like demonetization why can't you stand your ground for good reforms?where is your fucking 56 inch chest when we need it? It's just India's destiny to be a fucking third world shithole..we know we need reforms but no one has the balls to do the right thing...as far as farmers r concerned no one will ever think about reforms in farming sector after this,we are and is just a tool to win elections..
Indian farmers on right
I will just recommend this youtube channel admin  two youtube channel and editorial  1. Soch 2. Aakash banerjee 3. The Hindu's editorial on farmers bill . 
Farmers are fighting for middle class families also
I feel so ashamed to live in a country who doesn't even supports his own farmers the one who gives us food
These farmers are not just protesting for their rights but for our future.
I agree that the first draft was disastrous and had many loopholes,(Govt. didn't consult with all the involved parties) but there has been amendments to the bill and government is ready to talk with the farmers on further changes. But to completely repeal the bill will be an injustice to all the farmers of India ( pls read about farmers suicide in India in past few decades).
Sad NEWS for the rest of the Farmers of the India... 
BBC Ambani's binami will buy you soon!. Then u will declare Modiji as God through ur news..
One of the Worst government today, BJP have to step down, Farmers have to win not corporate companies.
Lets rename this video the Punjabi farmer protest... India has farmers in all states, not just Punjab...My question here, if they wish to repeal the law and go back to the older times, then surely older times would have been bliss, but this video shows how farmers are still dying and suffering till date...why so? Also this video mentions it as Modi's farm Laws, its a national bill FYI which the opposition was gunning for since decades...
This channel never supports Modi seems its funding rising from some other oppositions
Kissan leader tikait say correct parliament through Kissan bil reject
Why some farmers are supporting this law . 3 law one side favor one side against ....u r confusing us
Are you saying farmers want a bad deal and are already moving there?
"Singh is King! Punjabis are rescuing India since 1845. Be it from British, from economic crisis(LPG) and now from Modi."
Farmers should not forget what they had to go through . Biting cold, scorching heat, countable deaths, and a strong physical beating by bjp goons and police, not to forget to mention how their right to protest was maligned by comparing them with terrorists. Don't forget this in upcoming elections my dear farmers  . Please don't forget this.
More than 150 farmers died.
I think farm bill is good for farmers
We need to stand with farmers..
Hence, as a customer, you can do the following to be responsible towards the farmers -
We are proud on our farmers
If the farmers of India want to be poor than what can we do for them
I am farmer in punjab I am welcome to new farmer law in punjab thanks 
This should have been done long ago. Those innocent farmers were not    supposed to die. Only food shortages and impending war with China and Pakistan are the main reasons for this change of heart as India needs both during the war; uninterrupted supply of food grains and the Sikhs, who are the backbone of the Indian Armed Forces.
Salute to all the farmers who stood against such dictatorship..
This interview is bullshit , do ganje bhonkne lage hein sale , Punjab k small farmers hi the is protest mein , bade farmers itne jatil nahi hote , woh apni badi badi kothion mein hi rehte hein , ab bhi kisano ko badnam kar rahe hein sale
Still people don't learn,support to congress and priyanka gandhi
Thank you so much, for your details explaination regarding farm bill. 
In india.. Some people had problem when some farmers started eating pizza.. Thier argument was "they are farmer, they are supposed to be poor"..
Only development india  witnessed is development in density of hair in modi beard.
APMCs/ free market systems; no matter what measures you put in place, a farmer will continue to be exploited as long as consumers do not understand the true value of good crops.
What kind of law is this when farmers cannot approach court regarding dispute. Really black. Should wait until it's rolled back constitutionally in parliament. Otherwise maybe they say look majority doesn't agree for roll back so sorry laws will be implemented . Much to be done for farmers specially many with small lands.
If the farmers can sell this milk directly to customers with private transportation, it can help them gain more money. 
Umm, maybe one or two line for the farmers who died would have been awesome too.
Farmers Unions should create own party with a complete plan and work to have a separation from criminal modi regime forever.
India unnecessarily gives farmers this much respect.
SALUTE TO FARMERS 
A bhi tho succhhh ha ke Punjab and UP Election k liya BJP na farm law wapas la liya
3 farmer's laws are still their 
Above all, get a proper Map of India, don't support Squatters and gutter rats illegally occupying a legitimate Indian State!
2.Beacuse of private sectors, APMC will gradually close down and farmers will have to depend entirely on the private sector.
Farmers are role model for all Indians.
Those who think corporate monopoly will take over... You are wrong. Mandi itself is a big monopoly destroying Indian agriculture.
Excellent explanation of the reason behind withdrawal of 3 farm laws. We salute our farmers. 
MSP is not minimum selling price, it is minimum support price, matlab ye amount ek suugestion hota hai, jis pe sirf gov. Buy krti hai crop. Private players es se km rate pe buy krte hai.. jis region me gov. Acquisition km hai vala pe msp 1800 hona k baad bhi crop 1000 pe bikto hai..
MSP should be given all the farmers from all the states not only Punjab, Hariyana,
Market forces will definitely make the farmer situation worse. 
Hi dhruv Bhai, I am a farmer ,...One of the big problem for farmers In MP 
wow, hats off to the punjab farmers .........GOD BLESS THEM
1. Farmers can sell their crops anywhere(msp will be gone )
When the people dont get food thats when they'll value farmers
1st law will expose farmers to corporate who have more bargaining power.
Looks like in UP the Government was ruled by a robot not by a human being. Here we can see people are crushed to death with no mercy. This is a wake up call for the Indian people when BJP is in power.
Indian farmers, how dare you speak and conduct strikes against the BJP led government in India....?
I don't understand this. Some are saying it is a good decision and many farmers agreed to it whereas some says it affects the farmers too much. 
First of all, that protest was not led by Farmers, driven by somebody else in the name of the farmers.
Feeling soo sad for these poor and innocent farmers
I've been to the farmer's protest twice and can define what they want to say,  actually here in India the protestor are saying that when Government is making the new market tax free, not regulated, and with no minimum support price the corporates will exploit the farmers in long run..
3. According to old farm law, states were allowing middle men who were monopolised to which only, farmers can sell their produce. These middle men were enjoying legalised monopoly in such a way that, they are the single possible buyer from farmers in their geographical areas.
Thanx for sporting farmers
I think you have not heard Mr. Arun jetali's speech on these bills. In European countries these bills are already exists still their government spending on farmers to survive them . In those developed countries its not effecting then how can we expect the positive thing about this in india. MODI KA EK BHI DECISION SAHI NHI THA AUR NAHI RAHEGA ...... JABSE AAYA HAI TABHISE INDIA KI AUR BHI VAAAT LGI.....
Reality on BBC, great job team. Otherwise most indian media is showing what BJP want to show.
Even at his defeat, he is not accepting that his laws were wrong. Rather he is saying that he was right but farmers couldnt understand him.
 Even Ravichandran, whom I respect and critically analyse everything based on science & evidence, is supporting the Bill, which is quite surprising.
I am really concerned about these innocent farmers hope things get resolved very soon.... but it's also true that privatisation is a part of development whether u like it or dislike it......BBC news must give there own place example....
This man knows how to justify some anti-farmers laws. It is another way of telling that a leader has to give what people NEED and not what the leader WANTS. People's victory. Leaders....????
I stand by farmers 
Are Hamen to Modi Ne Luta Congress Walon mein kahan Dam Tha Meri to Naseeb fhutty Bhajpa wale ka Raj tha
the farmers bill (2020) is like getting proteins from supplements (sold at a premium price by corporates ) because real food is not available or it is available but "knowledge" about real protein rich food is lacking ... and the companies take full advantage of this lack of knowledge ...make the profits ....ultimately replace farmers with machines ....
Can someone please list down the demands farmers of Punjab and haryana are having. I am so eager to see what's the fuss is all about. I know for sure that this law is not as bad as it's being shown by few sold outs and not as good as shown by few other sold outs.
Thank you for support our farmers
ndtv only showed that it is very diffcult to sell in mandi for small farmers in mandi they have to become a member pay to middle man                and all this farmers who have gathered on delhi border no doubt they are hardworking but they want to earn over these small  farmer they are growing just wheat and rice which government have to necessary buy  despite overflowing silos and still our people go to sleep without food people are always afraid of change
Have you been following Indias massive farmer movement and do you think it will be successful?
This gives Modi more strength....when he sees opposition against him
God bless the farmers. Let not the people starve before the government change its ways. God give them a better plan which benefits all the people.
Awesome analysis on Modi ji farm laws. It was a fragrance of reporting with supportive videos and background more than one year of farmers struggle. Thank you so much Rathi.
Now again dalle will buy from Cheaper from Bihar Up and Bengal and sell it other parts of India in the name of farmers
     All Indian farmers
First of all MSP is not being eliminated in this law, but IT SHOULD BE! It was introduced when production of these grains was minimal and it needed a boost, now we are producing so much surplus that we don't need exorbitantly high prices to be guaranteed by the government. The government can use that money to help fund infra projects etc which enable actual growth and not growth hampering.
Our Farmers has missed the take off. 
Private companies will take care of the pricing for farmers.
Why u didnt cover farmers 
Now here, Govt promised MSP only on rice and wheat and also promised to purchase only these two items as per MSP (minimum support price). 
Current law basically has the above law, addition to that farmer's now can sell outside the Mandi and APMC if they can make good profit..
They are farmers who feed us not a slave of the capitalist.
It happens in Asian countries... people take advantage of poor farmers and especially those who are uneducated.
Know farmers revolution solutions
No no... U r biased... How can u expect that similar laws didn't work in developed countries...n u think it'll work in India??? U r not a farmer so keep ur mouth shut..  if u love this bill so much then go n become farmer urself n enjoy this bill.
People of our nation don't get what's right, people don't fact check anything before and start protesting or fighting even if it's a lie.The sellers and middle men will continue making profits and farmers will continue to suffer.
Those who are sitting on the road most of them are not farmers they are the middle man or stockist and dalal.
3 . As far as I see , everything is good about this act . But the only thing is farmers maybe exploited only if they donot understand the bond or deal which will be made before hand . So if there is supervision by a person from the government body then it will be totally benificial to the farmers.
not all farmers are took part in this protest...
Respect  Thanks for supporting farmers !!!!!.This should be released on Netflix and Amazon prime . No farmer no food
Government should take care of farmers
#Supports farmers protect
After 3 months I finally got a politically unbiased video. It's really impressive that world have underated intelectuals. Problem is you will never be biased and so hurt both the extremeties  of political spectrum, and never get famous. Initially I thought farmers protest was something bad. Your video helped me to understand there cause too.
Instead of govt the criminals must pay  the compensation to suffering farmers or the criminals must be hand over to their families.
You are advising public to purchase directly from farmers. But do mandi agents will allow it to happen? If agents allow it, mandi has to be closed.
Long live the revolution...well done Indian farmers, you pushed backed those fascists.
Only leader publicly said with confidence  that at the end Government will have to repeal these farm laws -  RAHUL GANDHI
Nice effort to decode farmbill 2020 by Mr.Pratik Gupta.
I wonder why you guys did not cover the point that the option of where to sell their crops is with the farmers, if they want they can still continue to sell in mandis, (apmc) are not closing.
Hey, not thousands but 14 lakh farmers are on road
Your kind literally pushed farmers to more suicides,  more political gundagardi etc. I hope you people are proud of the blood that is on your hand.
When vox teaches you more than 4 years of university ever did. Thank you praying for the Indian farmers
Feeling proud of my Indian farmers and sad that the tyrannical government is torturing such sweet and honest souls. God is with the farmers... And people are calling them terrorists??? Shame!
1. It will benefit not just big farmers but small farmers too, as it allows pvt players to buy directly from small farners now. Earlier it was a grey area and there were hardly any pvt players. Small farmers have to employ themselves in retail business(and compete with established retail players) in addition to farming
1. As farmers education background might not be enough to read contracts, government can add Single Contract for all through  technology BlockChain & it can be traded like stock & shares.
Also every section has to give 25% of there profit  to farmers.
I hear a distinct lack of recognition from anyone in this film, about how the green revolution was a miracle that saved a billion lives. Mono-culture farming of Dwarf wheat and super productive rice fed the country. It's fine to say it has caused problems, that it's too expensive, and that it causes environmental harm when corners are cut, but the alternative was mass starvation and death. India's problem is that they never accepted the natural outcome of the green revolution, which was a highly mechanized agricultural industry that simply didn't employ as many people. Instead, they still do small-scale family farming, which means high costs can't be balanced by scale. You can't have it both ways.
Power of comman man and farmer can defeat any power
I am so glad the AAP has come into power in Punjab, they will stop stubble burning and fix farming in Punjab
They have taken decision to take back, but 3 farm law still there.   Chronological Samjho UP , Punjab election
Shame on you BBC. If you could cover why the farmers other than Punjab,few UP & Maharashtra did not turn out for protest would be good. BBC could you  also provide list of countries which apposed against India to provide subsidy to their farmers in the UN?
Great Explanation! Public is with farmers but the media not showing the reality. Bitter truth.
Make more video to show whats happening at farmers protest Because no one else is showing the same,we have believe on YouTube media...
Farmers' Day is an annual observance in various countries to celebrate the national contributions of farmers and agriculturers. In India it is observed on December 23
Modi ji is only leader who can save India from corrupt parties like Congress and its allies. We are proud to have PM like modi ji, God bless him...
Hats off our farmers
You don't know about farmers.
If these laws were repealed just because they could not explain the benefits to few farmers, its sheer injustice to all those who welcomed these laws.
Why is the government not bringing the MSP into reality for the bills, whats stopping them. Can u please clarify if ur aware. Thanks.
Solution is out there, in one single day all humans will not change, it will take time for farmers to realise their potential. Need more and more educated youths to join hands with farmers to educated them their potential.
700 farmers lost their precious life in this protest
2. Centres aim is corporatization of farm lands. To let ambanis adanis to cash on farm lands and latter fund them in elections again. Removing tax only favours corporates to establish themselves in farms and abolish APMC mandis. Mandis require roads, infrastructure maintenance if no one comes to mandis how we can keep mandis running. Eventually they have to dismantle APMC mandis. As our finance minister nirmila sitharaman said in 2019.
Good job  I have no words for you.   Love from Punjab .    Godi media sikho kuj ensee shame on you godi media 
Dear lallantop team, this is very disappointing. This reporter missed the opportunity to briefly interview an educated farmer. He should have asked:
but these guys like dhruv is saying ike MSP and mandis are removed . So I have a doubt and that is  ARE MANDIS and MSP SYSTEM REMOVED
Good brother.. Save Farmers : Save India . No Private Companies in Fields.
God bless our farmers.
Bbc plz help farmers
The video is good given the fact that everything is operating under perfect conditions, it misses out on over stocking, ability to manipulate prices given the large scale of warehouses and crony capitalists getting early mover advantage. Among many issues it also misses out on the legal rights of farmers to reach Courts under the case of fraud and the provisions which allow the Contractor to the use land as an undertaking for loans.
without minimum price guarantee farming will not survive. we have seen the price of potatoes how they fall down when farmer take them in market.
Thanks buddy, great explanation. At end what you have mentioned abt cutting margin by corporates had already happened, where farmers had agreement with Reliance fresh, easy day like stores and as the produce quantity flooded the market they starting making excuse that potatoes size shouldn't be that large, radishes shouldn't be that long. So, all in all they asked farmers that potatoes size shouldn't be larger than some standered ring size. Here comes the margin cutting in scenr. So, where will farmers go in such scenario. Some helpless farmers has end up throwing their produce on roads.
Our farmeres are not empowered to produce goods or after bill they may not produce expected goods according to contract between Corporate & Farmer. Indian ariculture still depends on Mansoon which is irregular.. Hence Farmers may take large loans from corporates which they cannot repay. As a result, farmer may sell their lands because of overburden of loans. Corporate take advantage of this and become land owners illegally (Corporate miss use of bills and acquire ownership). Illegal Lending of money over land also happen.
I wish modi bhakts, godi media and modi listen to it. Every citizen of india should take oath to never vote for bjp.
The reporter is saying exactly what Government tried to argue. He is saying that farmers allege but not what other experts are saying. Also the anchor is not doing anything other than bashing Modi.
Thank you lallantop for Farmer support 
I am not farmer , Today  I feel proud to be Punjab.
Why should implement such laws to farmers if they are not interested.
Boycott Modi government godi media pure shame BJP . farmers big salute 
The government have to buy from the farmers above market price, 
Think about farmers....the sucide of farmers will increase after this bill :'(
However, if someone thinks that problem is solved, then he is foolish. Agriculture in Punjab and Haryana is highly unsustainable and due to gradual reforms in other parts of India will automatically make farming in these 2 states less profitable and more vulnerable.
of course these bills are bad for farmers.
2. More importantly storage facilities  near the mandis with extremely affordable prices. Can be run and managed by co-operative.
I was so baffled that none of the news channels on tv talked about how the repeal of the laws might be for his own benefit-if this had been done by any other person, they would have literally invaded their homes to ask these questions. And most importantly, I have seen multiple protests in my lifetime and never have I ever seen the media so blatantly against one. God knkws where this is going!
This is more of a regional issue than whole India's. Stop calling farmers of India and project it as a national issue. Just like Butter chicken and Naan doesn't represent Indian cuisine, Punjabi Farmers don't represent entire Indian farmers. Where were these people when there were issues in South like Tamil farmers protesting, Telangana agitation etc.?
2. If any dispute between farmers and corporate people. Court doors are shut for farmers they cant go to any court . They can only go to sdm or maximum to dc . Now you tell me  is a sdm or dc in range of a small farmers in india?
Hopefully this is a learning moment for the BJP. Part of the problem with the farm laws was lack of consultations leading up to it's passing.
 joint committe of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not. But unions are adament.
After all this time, the three laws have to be repealed because of the contribution of the farmers.  Bjp fall began...
All government help India Kisan Kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem Ambedkar cast problem help help help
Very true. I was shocked to learn about the taking back of farm laws.  It is a big setback for the farmers
Stop... Give the farmer what they ask for. Don't become a Pimp for the big player. Cannot the present Government know how to run the Country why... are they becoming Pimp for the big player shame....
The msp thing was a problem but the government told they will give written guarantee of the msp to the farmers and it won't be removed.
Also huge thing is not able to sue companies for not paying the farmers. All liability is written out of the bill. This is what killed sugarcane and other farming practices in punjab. Only rice and wheat now since they have msp and farmers dont get exploited by the companies that have prime minister in there pocket.
#HelpIndianFarmers
In my opinion I think farmers have done the write thing by protesting against this topic
After watching this I'm supporting kisan andolan 
I am also from India. The farmers are protesting to protect their right
Mam i am from punjab.  Ur knowledge is only 20 percentage about new. Bill reforms and apmc  . U only seach google. Mam plesase come on ground level.  To gain ur knowledge.  Ur are doing only  apmc is very bad blah blah.  Yes some problems are in every system  so that. Govt can change some things  in.  That old apmc. Mandi  bill 
Godi government... realise tho kiya elections aa raha hai. 
You can reach masses right you have 6lakh + subscriber please give them a bit more facts which are more close to real farmer scenarios taht would be the best thing and would really be helpful in uplifting the state of farmers
When you don't know difference between a farmer jimidar khalistani terrorists and arhitiyas, then why are you making video on people who are distorting facts. Punjab election are near don't you know. No mention in fact of taking farmer's land. I in himachal do contract farming of apples , my land isn't taken.  Tell me if they really do farming how can they afford Hummer and Audi and Jeep and thar to block roads. And sit all year round on cement houses build on roads don't they need to be in farm's like me.  Maximum amount of money govt spend on farmer's and thier loan maafi. Only Punjab and north up is protesting plus jaat of haryana.
We demand press conference of PM Mr. Modi on Lakhimpur Kheri incident.
Modi's is trying to defame farmer's protest and thanks to the lallantop for showing true journalism
Jeet humesha such ki hui h or hoti rhegi  . Respect for modi ji 
Farmers Struggle will bring new era of Democracy
Congratulations to all farmers...
0:40 zameen hi nahi rahegi to karenge kya? First of all you are preparing for Civil service so you should not worry about your land and secondly nowhere in the 3 farm laws the government has a provision to take away farmers land.
One of them being, stem burning. Farmers wants no arrest, if they burn there stems after the monsoon season, which on high side cost the biggest air pollution on earth in Delhi.
This is the war between farmers and corporate. Every year around 10,000 farmers commit suicide still govt is imposing laws against them.
Vox knows more about the farmers protest then the British prime minister 
Nothing is said about new bills.....how will they benefit farmers or not benefit farmers whatever?
Previous Farm Laws having Errors in them had to be withdrawn to be Re-introduced & Amended in the Parliament and signed into Laws again ! Neither have the  tukde tukde gang nor the Khalistani separatists have been successful related to this !
I am so happy farmers zindabad
Grt video and grt enthusiasm in farmers as well as samdish . I hope they make this arogant govt. take back these laws!
Seems Farmers poked the pin in the chest which was 56", now it came down to 26" after Motiji took down the 3farm laws..
Why people are getting offended here?? We punjab state people dont want these shitty laws. If some people still want these laws they can ask govt. to implement it in their own regions. #punjabfarmerswinning
Can u Change title to Punjab farmers protest .
This is quite opposite to what farmers are protesting. By this it seems reforms are satisfactory
Thanks a lot, so this Bill is so beneficial for Farmers!! Then these protest are actually Traders in the name of Farmers!
Very good explanation of the new farmers act.
at 59:30 he claims APMC mandi is sabji mandi, that is not true, sabji mandis do not fall under the prevue of APMS as they do not have a MSP ( sabji mandi is fresh fruits and vegetables).
They will bring back these farm laws after Punjab Elections.(my guess)
The farm bill nowhere takes care of Farmers interest during natural calamities... What if they can't honour the agreement made with the pvt companies... These pvt companies will protect only their interests... And not of Farmers... For sure.. 
Do we really want our Indian farmers to become slaves of corporate companies..??
Its easy to poke holes in a system but providing solutions is the key farmers will absolutely turn to something thats easier and incurs less debt
wow again vice shows protesters who hold khalistani flags shame on u vice why don't u come 2 indian protests and then record it shameeeeeeeeeeeeee
Please share pdf link of farm bill 2020
Modi represents the East India Company 2.0
Vast majority of India wholeheartedly support Modi in bringing in farming reforms... we are a democracy and when the opposition can't defeat Modi at the polls they start fanning all this campaign of misinformed drama.
RIP to all the farmers n all who died in lakhimpur.
Surprisingly all the food for this comment section comes from Punjab and haryana only!  If your blood doesn't boil with insult of national integrity then my friend you are more busy on instagram rather to acknowledge those legends who sacrificed their blood like water for the tricolor.
Addaaaniiii who was waiting to earn profits by these laws, waits to shoot these farmers, lead to their death, and thinks that he is the real farmer!! #nooffense
I still support farm laws.. the misguided farmers will realize their mistakes..
Only problem is for middleman because now big corporate can buy directly which will benifit farmer and in india there are favoured courts those who will favour only certain group of people like for labour and women courts the same will be for farmers distric magistrates will only listen the farmer not cooperate
The BJP decided to backdown bcoz they didnt wanted to loose the elections and give the power to the foolish people just bcoz of the law.. so they decided to backdown ..n dont worry sooner or later this law will be implemented again
Now lets implement it a model is some area. If this really successful as a model, farmers will definitely understand.
These laws force farmers to sell their land.... To sign a contract for appx 15 years with private sector on predicided low price... There is also one law to discard existing essential commodities act which will cause inflation price hike for essential crops like wheat and rise.. also now stock limit is removed for corparates so that they can stock crops and increase the price... Also now they don't have mandi the place where they can sell appx near to 5 kms of their land now they have to sell across states and nobody gonna pay for transportation also they will not be given a fix price can go below msp.... Moreover contractor can take loan on farmers land... If they fail to pay farmer will have to pay the loan or else their land will be auctioned
This is fight in govt. And farmers, police and army don't interfere
If you want to stay poor, not Modi, even god cannot help. Let the farmers decide their fate now. Getting carried away with fools is the best solution for them as of now, but they'll repent for their unethical mindset and behaviour later in future.
Wow. Very cleverly dodged the main points and put forward the plus points prominently. MSP is effective. Why? See Punjab farmers are rich, why so? Because they get benefited the most by MSP. Why other state farmers are poor. Because APMCs are not empowered there. Voila! You need empowering the Mandi system. Not legitimise those who are currently exploiting the system
Modi is actually doing the right thing here. Farmer subsidies are basically corporate welfare.
I am requesting to all farmers plz. Plz. Read these three ordinances of farm bill. This farm bill will benefit the farmers. plz don't believe on political or farmers leaders rumors. Farm bill is providing you choices and Read it and then react. Specially punjab people plz read and don't take this protest on your ego.
This Boy gives lot of power to kisan protest.  we support Kisan Alandolan.
Kangana Ranaut should take lessons from this. The farmers won the battle through a silent protest and it was NOT a 'bheek'. They got it by losing so much blood .
Why govt is not  taking responsibility of farmers why people will suffer
I support Farmers 
Sale ye log jitne v andolan krte hai..chahe bjp congress ya kisan jo v h..road to already rok rkhe ho ab .rail ko chhor kr airport Roko...
Indian farmer has shown what they are made of. India could never recover the miserable condition of post independence, if it was not farmers. Still farmers faces a lot justice in India.
Farmers are the soul of the country. What do you call a body without the soul ?? 
Keep on protesting majority voters in India are in support of these 3 bills so does not matter how much they protest nothing is gonna happen and if the supporters of this bill come out on road we will outnumber them by 1 to 20
This is a loss for the real farmers . Modiji did this for the nation because in the name of farmer protest the pro khalistani leader were killing innocent people .Modiji we believe in you and know that you did this for the security of common people . Modiji I support you and I am sure one day the whole country will know the important of farm laws.
The Agricultural Minister could not made his home work properly before bringing the Farm laws bill and without making wide consultation brought the 3 farm bills in urgent manner during 2020 which given the opportunist opposition parties a tool for provoking the farmers and its leaders for an agitation which later the external forces and anti-national elements took advantage for creating security threat and disturbance of peace. After realising the mistake made while passing the farm laws the PM declared for repeal the said laws without make as prestige issue to convince the farmer community for farm reforms in a better way despite the govt. is enjoying clear majority in both houses which is heart touching. The agitated farmer leaders and its sponsored opposition are are very unhappy and frustrated as they failed in capitalising the this issue for their own advantage to topple the govt. is completely failed. The opposition behaviour and RS scene while moving and debating on farm Laws repeal Bill is quite evident.
First wrong information is being circulated that farmers are now free to sell their products anywhere.... . Even in the previous system farmers were able to sell their products anywhere.. for example few apple farmers from himachal use to sell their corps in delhi or chandigarh...
Just loved this video .. I think real media yhi h india ki. Proud of our indian farmers 
Only farmers (kisan) do suicide not Mandiwala. So we all understand who are protesting.
It is clear that farmers are not going to benefit. So corporates are going to loot
MSP should be a mandate and Farmers should have insurance. Also corporatisation should happen in farming without them having forming cartels. You should understand that corporates can become much better cartels rather than some middleman who can be seen eye to eye by farmers.
modi is our hero ....farm bills are better then before condition of farmers are not good in rest of india ...these bills can imrove the farmers livehood
He shouldve been garlanded by farmers, right?
Who will answer to other parts of country except Haryana and Punjab ..... it's win of Punjab and Haryana farmers over other states... it's a injustice for other states.
These farm laws would have industrialise farming in india, but alas. India should have accepted RCEP, these farmers would've been obliterated by industrialized Australian and argentine farmers in the indian market.
PM taken good design now don't think about farmers live on their own life and PM must think only about country security and there party growing up
He is TOTALLY MISLEADING. It is NOT the small farmers, but mostly the MIDDLEMEN who are protesting.
I appreciate the focus on Indian farmers but I wonder if this a well-researched piece.
Yeh news lion TV NDTV hi dikha skta hai not godi media thnx NDTV news channel for true news Jai Kisan jindabad
Good work sir and Madam. Also my personal opinion is that farmers have to be educated to some extent so that they can read the documents properly. Other wise they are misleaded.
Were the farmers not funded by the opposition?
We are now supporting PM MODI, because he understood the need and desire of people with in democratic country...
First how giving license to traders through APMC had controlled indebtness problem of farmers? Because private bankers lyi koi fix rate of interest ta hle v ni aa i think eh ta just viewers nu emotional  krke AMPC di image vadia dikhan lyi video ch add kita
Imagine if farmers stop farming then what happened to our country , iam with farmers porting jio sim
Farmers of India 
A more helpful graph shall probably be the trend of farm/agricultural income in India across the years :)
Since 1978 - High Court Chandigarh has allowed farmers to sell anywhere. 
Not Indian farmers mostly they are from Punjab and Haryana, most of them are Sikhs...
You can't wait out farmers, they know how to make their own food.
After all Modi accepted public / farmers demand.  Now Modi Govt may take steps for New New Cold Storages, New Food processing units, new Water Reservers, New GRAIN STORAGES etc etc at  every Block level  to STOP wastage of food grain by Insects, birds, Rain water etc etc. .
The farmers were protesting for a couple of months but the government didnt do shit I wouldve lost my patience to
Gist of all farm bills, the concept of rich and poor state is new for me,
I literally disliked this video after watch 2 minutes and unsubscribed this channel immediately,
More power to farmers 
What ever our current government and supreme court do is good for our country. But still the people who support Congress and other party always have the negetive thought towards every move. We are from Odisha and our state ruled by our honorable CM but we always support the Modi ji.
Support farmers they are fighting for every citizen.
Guess India Has Got To *'Modi'fy* It's Farming Laws
This pseudo farm protest is up against our beloved PM, the democratically elected govt, but aayega to Yogi ( 2022 ) and Modi (2024) hi.  Kuchh bhi kr lo salon desh ke gaddaron Khalistani gang.
Proud of My country's Farmers.
A surplus of food is bad because the low prices invalidate small farms, but a deficit of food is much worse.
Before having these 3 laws Ambani/Adani were prepared with huge warehouses to buy and start private agreement with farmers on what to grow how to grow what quality it should be what size it should be.
I am also son of farmer ,   %    ,                  ,       ??       ,        ;    but it's practically impossible 
In these bills small farmers and middle class family will suffer badly. And the business tycoons will be in profit,  With the help of central or state government,  I m Hoping that these bills are not passing by government, it is doing by the big business tycoons.
But only educated and very very very rich farmers. 
Million dollars company v/s a single faemer .  Only1 % chance a farmer can win .mncs have both money and power .
Idk why the farmers of Punjab and Haryana are having problem with the new law. farmers from other states  are really appreciating the new law
Don't mess with us government not everyone is misguided.. They just want their hakh  ....students ko chup kra do doctors ko kra do labour ko or farmer ko bhi kis ke lie ho aap log Trump ke lie ....
Modi is hurting farmers.
Farmers(Labours from UP&Bihar work for them) in  Punjab &Haryana are more financially sound than farmers in other parts of India. Most of them don't solely depend upon income from farm produce and run other businesses. Now Farm is a tool for avoiding Tax. One can show income from other business as income from the farm. This might be also one of the issue. Because farmers from other part India not opposing it. If they are opposing it they have different motive for opposition. In most of the countries farmers have their own unions to do the same job govt do here. Why depend upon govt? Considerable part of  the produce is ruined due to govt's bad management and storage and got wasted. So this waste of produce is stopped. This is not pure farm protest but different groups(political,religious(anti hindu), separatists, left) under one umbrella of emotional word 'FARMER'.
But you can't deny the fact that our government pass that bill in a hasty manner, and now posing that bill on farmers forcefully... 
You didn't discuss about farm bills ..just discussed the existing system
He killed innocent farmers and many innocent people,look at his villiany,understand his manipulation.
There are APMCs before every act 1,2,3 and government assured that also . Why farmers pressuming that it APMCs will end soon.
Farmers were right
Regulation of food items: The Essential Commodities Act, 1955 empowers the central government to designate certain commodities (such as food items, fertilizers, and petroleum products) as essential commodities.  The central government may regulate or prohibit the production, supply, distribution, trade, and commerce of such essential commodities.  The Ordinance provides that the central government may regulate the supply of certain food items including cereals, pulses, potatoes, onions, edible oilseeds, and oils, only under extraordinary circumstances.   These include: (i) war, (ii) famine, (iii) extraordinary price rise and (iv) natural calamity of grave nature.
Bjp or congress onlye monye game no one importent cuntry real hero army and kissan
So clearly explained, current farmer issue is specific & should be termed as Punjab Farmer issue
Weird how bhakts sitting in cities crying over the defeat of their lord by a common farmer. Stop neglecting the way hes dividing india to rule. Policies need to be debated not forced.
Farmers were always independent to sell their produce anywhere in the country , the restrictions were only on middle men hence  it's just misguiding to say it is now due to these bills.
Big thanks and salute to the lallantop team. You guys did a amazing job. Dalal media should learn from this. I feel proud be a farmer after watching this
The saddest part of all is that they do not even know what they are protesting. Please read the bill. Please talk to the government.  Please do not listen to middle man, please do not listen to those who want to devide india .
Proud of our PM Modiji Jai Sri Ram Har Har Mahadev Vande Mataram
But farmers are chanting to take back the law.
You to show both side incident but basically you are telling only one side.Driver may be a son of farmer.Other two people who r died because of beating have also family ,pls so sympathy for them politician.whats going on in this country , everything is corrupted not even law system
Sikh kaum sareya da sochdi va te madde halata ch sareya nl khd di va.......jdo sade hkka di gl aandi....sanu attwadi dsya jbda va.. shame on indua government....#and on india bullshit fake news channel who r showing negativity....regarding peacuful farmers
Kya gift ??? Increase petrol prices by 25 and bring down by 5 ??? Bring some laws which are patently wrong, and roll them back ???  At best it can be taken as correcting a mistake, no gift ...  But huge cost to farmers 750+ lost their lives, 1000s injured or in jails on fake cases, untold economic misery ...
There are so many things missing in your videos. These laws completely senseless. What about agreement violations complaints? Farmers can only go to SDM for their complaint . You should work more on your research before making any videos. if you want real know real loopholes in farmer  laws, come to Punjab and we will tell point to point.
1. Issue mentioned on behalf of farmer - corporate "can" Exploit the farmer. 
Only 2 out of 29 state farmers are protesting tho.
Thanks thanks a lot @vox media for representing farmers worldwide. Please cover all footage of farmer protest 
veero samjho,, modi ik mohraa hega, ohday huth vich kuch nai hega..23 brahman army generals eh sub kr rehe..brahman raaj aa reha india vich...believe it or not, india is going to be a brahmin state..
Time to visit Tikait's car showrooms and buy cars for poor kisaans without paying anything. All money Tikait has belongs to farmers.
This farm bill is to benefit Modi corporates donor's
This successful protest   credit always goes to farmers and ndtv and ravish Kumar....
And yet Andhbhakts will continue to claim that Modi has helped farmers a lot 
Plzz make one more video on Farmer's Protest
Farmers all over the World are standing up and speaking truth to power !  The government in India must be changed to one that honors all of its people !  Eliminate the people who divide and subjugate the masses !  4
Just look at modi , it your prime minister who is apologizing , just look it  the biggest reason to support him . BJP atleast takes responsibility of the decision instead of blaming. This what's prime minister of biggest democracy looks like . 
Very good action by farmers of neighbouringvokkege
Marketing charges like market fee, RDF, Commision etc is not borne by the farmersor sellers
Be careful priyanka can't trust these people anymore they might use Rafael on farmers
Truly unbiased!!! Far better than some YouTubers who speak either against BJP or speak in favour of BJP. Thank you guys...keep it on.. all the best
statistics show that, Its three times more expensive to get the energy we need from healthy food and Modi does not see increasing levels of unemployment, homelessness,  people living in slums, towns torn and homes of people torn down and look a mess because they don't have the surplus to decorate or clean their home properly.  Problems of indian people will increase for the very reason that is low income, no jobs, people not able to function in a competing world.
Those who are protesting worldwide are friends or relatives of those farmers from state of Punjab and Haryana. The new reforms are applied to the entire nation but community of these two states are creating trouble. They are not realizing that reforms are to prevent corruption and abuses of the farmers by so called 'commission agents'.
2. Also the farmers in India are majority are small scale, and larger farmers are comparatively less
#SuspendModi from Rajyasabha for blatantly lying about MSP being in the Farm bill
Why govt.make rules that FCI should make payment to farmer by direct payment only ( with supporting land records) . So, corrupt people cannot take advantage of this as they do not have supporting farm land.
This speech turned govt's loss into farmer's loss
Anyone seeing farmers protest in delhi's heart now?
Farmers always win.
If people have minimum wage. Should not the farmers have a fair minimum price for his or her produces? The farmers had to buy seeds and chemicals plus paid rent for the land in order to produce his harvest to sell. 
1. In the first bill, in case of contract farming, if there is a dispute between the farmers n corporate,  there will not be a court of law to protect the farmers interests. Farmers can only approach the local SDM or DM to solve there disputes. As everyone knows how system works in India, anyone with deep pocket n connection are alway right. So who will lose the case every time is not hard to guess.
So there are zillion other things like corruption where traders buy crops at lowest price possible from area where price are lowest and sell at MSP to GOI!
4- if it is prevent exploitation of farmers by bicholia why no intervention of civil courts for grievance handling?
Modi's Sarkar Don't Get it.... They have Already Chew'd More than They Could have Swallow.... Formers Protest.... We are Watching and Witnessing the History Unfolding
We lost old narendra modi . His spine has broken. At the end of the day votebank politics win . I still support farm laws. Farmers aren't only in Punjab & Haryana. Farmers from rest of the country also deserve to be wealthy.
m feeling like editing is done by #aajtak coz initial tone is from anjana kashap and ofcource m following lallantop from very initial day nevr seen such a standard documentry... m  feeling like they hv done some tie up kind of thing coz farmers are boycotting godi media n u all know aajtak comes under godi media
Cartel : middlemen forming group and exploiting farmers by lowering price
Dear with this Video u have done a great job to show they r real Farmers thx 
I come from an India where people believe in opposing the government by spreading negative news against made-in-India vaccine
These are not Farmers they are rich middleman and i bet only 1 percent have red all three laws
In the scenario, when the old system and the new system both have flaws, creating a new system which has the same or different flaws is problematic. The focus should be on addressing the flaws of the existing sytem, rather than coming up with a new system which is equally flawed or has loopholes. A new system should only be brought about if all the loopholes are properly addressed and has support from the farmers. For e.g - The govt says that MSP will not be removed in speeches but it is not mentioned anywhere in the bills and kept as a loophole to be expoited. Farmers should unite on these loopholes and be united to get these sorted.
Don't ignore these farmers voices. Fear God.
Salute to all my farmers and everyone who showed faith in farmers
Bhai mere please do some research this model in USA already failed where farmers get subsidies to survive. Open market is good for consumers but not for producers. Food should be out of market influence. Apne loophole toh Gina diya par end mai apne aap se bol diya ki it's good for farmers.
So once the farmers commit suicide the debts are forgiven? Do all farmers have life insurance that will pay out the family to cover all debts, and feed the family?  I call the people who leave behind the women and kids cowards.  The men of Punjab consider themselves Lions.  I think not.  What will happen to the family when you commit suicide Lions?
If MSP is made legal right, and what if there's no buyer at all to buy at MSP ? . Because, the buyer might think he will be at loss at such MSP . Farm produce will get rotten .
All government help India Kisan Kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem Ambedkar cast problem help
4. When APMC knows that farmer now has a choice to sell outside Mandi certainly chances of higher price have increased. 
Is fake channel k owner ko zarurat h congress ki jaise hi vo power m aaye isko fundings mille or *republic* ki trha ye bhi tv pr aane lage. Isko bas BJP ki galtiya dikhti h vhi dikhata hai. KOI FARAK NHI HAI
We know that not all the farm produce comes under APMC act, for example, farmers have freedom to sell their horticulture and vegetable produce outside APMC mandis.. Even though farmers have choice in these cases,why farmers are still suffering??
Last year it was CAA NRC this years Farmers protest, and the best coverage is done by you guys
Now there should be a new protest by real farmers :D
Tell about 700 people's death due to Peaceful dharna by your supports .... Elections Aagaya Baata badal gaya ... Elections Hara tho Ego kaam Kara or Faisla badla wo bhe himakat say....  
The story is one sided a bit as told by you .. There is already 15 rounds of talks between farmers and government.. The laws will be modified never repealed
Hes so nice to explain both sides of the story. I have some clarity now on why there is support for the bill.
And one more point, the commodity share market will not give the MSP (minimum support price) as markets behave on demand, supply and future predictions. It may give the indicative fair price but that can be lower than the farmers own expense and hard-work.
Pleading to the Govt to please resolve this issue fast in the national interest lest the miscreants would take undue advantage and the farmers image will unnecessarily be tarnished . We respect and trust the farmers and our prudent brothers from Punjab 
 When Modi turned 21 in 1971, India was fighting its third war with Pakistan.
Waoo kitne gareeb kisan hai bc free me khilate nhi hai pr property tod gye free ME SHO or kuch jawano pe talwar chla gye free me,, national flag pe laat maar kr social media pe daal gye free ME on 26jan,, lal ke jhunde ke utar kr army ko respect show kr dii free ME,, such a gentle protest from kisan that was not intentionally Modi did that intentionally, lol khalistan ke naare lge free ME that was also kisaan tax payers ki Insult  ki property Tod ke free ME,,, free ME hi toh khilate hai kisan bc 
Farmers shown their strength.....
Opposition Ke liye no issue against BJP Now
Yes Aashish Mishra is guilty. Prey for those farmers who dead in that lakhimpur incident .
I am pleasantly surprised to see how well they can communicate in English. Apni khudki Punjabi bhaasha me bhi bol lengey aur Angrezi me bhi! Kitna acha laga inki unity dekhke! Inqilab Zindabad
Only 6% of farmer produce is sold to APMC, therefore free market forces mostly exist anyway and yet the benefits of free market agriculture hasn't happened owing to unethical & exploitative corporate practices.
Keep making video on farmers protest & highlight it as much you can. Tabhi to desh ko pta chala ki Godi media galat cheeze dikha rha hai
Why government not set a MRP price with raw goods as there is MRP in finished goods. I think if no one can buy less than MRP then farmers will not suffer that much.
Repealing of farm laws is a major setback to the farmers
And they say the bills are in favour of farmers....!
I know this  youtube channel  belong to Godi  media  or Modi media mean Aaj tak but this video  show truth of farmers how struggle  they for every Indian food (Meal)
Is the Sikh community in UK, US & Canada really protesting against the new bill in India or are they actually supporting the idea of creating khalistan? Why the authorities in UK, US & Canada not look into this more closely and find out what their actual agenda is?
This is what happens when you put uncivilized people in charge of the nation. They have never learnt to follow the rules. Modi cares about BJP first, then about the country. He needs those funds through those electoral bonds to fight the elections.This bill is what the corporates get in exchange for those juicy bonds.
Rajeev Gandhi said " el bada ped girta hai toh dharti hiltee hai" What was that sreenivasan? was he arrested or any FIR filed against him? plotical speeches are fifferent. Rahul Gandhi recently said " Narendra Modi ghar se nikal nahi payega. Log dande mar denge" wasn't that provocation or incitement to violence according to your stupid logic.. Mr. Kali Daadi..
Farming is a low return-of-investment venture in large country like India, as the gov should ensure low food prices for the masses while keeping the subsidies to ensure minimum survival of farming. Often, it is loss-making and farmers go bankrupt. Now, the gov likes to bring in big corporate intermediaries. They buy from farmers, sell for high prices but keep all the profits. Currently, many state govs act as intermediaries themselves for main crops like wheat and rice. Small local intermediaries also exist and should offer a better asking price than the state govs. If the central gov mandates the replacement of state govs with corporates, their asking price go down (offering lower price than state govs) but also sell for a low price initially eliminate competition (ie. small scale intermediaries). Big corporates would also invest and lock-in farmers (ie. restrict them from selling to anybody else). Once the competition is out, big corporates would RULE.
What is interesting is the tent labels - Funded by UK on these places where farmers were fighting with swords.
This farmers in the protest are only from states like haryana and punjab . where are the farmers from other states, did u see any one. Up to 45% of crops benefits was only get by haryana and Punjab farmers. Others farmers form different states doesn't get that amount of many or benefits from older farm laws. Due to this 1000s of Farmers from different states dies every day. States like haryana and Punjab farmers get higher income in old farm laws but in other states due to less income farmers can't buy any machines used in crops. For lower income farmers this new farmers bill was announced to give them higher income and better future. But in states like haryana and Punjab they get greater price by selling to the government which is due to the old farm laws. Also in the state of Punjab government gets up to 5% of government tax only form the farmers of Punjab. But this new farm laws are great for poor farmers not for the states farmers like haryana and Punjab.
This is a huge victory for the farmers and the democracy of our nation
250 million good joke.. I live in Delhi, and my assessment is this protest never saw support of even 25 million farmers. And even 25M is not even 2% in India.
We support Indian farmers bills
So, Privatisation is going to happen, whther govt. support it with this bill or not. and privatisation will bring the competition and ups and downs of the competition along with it too. like you gave the example of BSNL. Although there are very few places where Jio has not reached, but has BSNL taken away it's network from those places? No. Similarly, APMCs are going to stay. And, there is quite a chance that they also improve to stay in competition.
Stern action needs to be taken against tikait immediately
Mahatma Ji....Kindly be the guest of the farmers at any of the protest sites
I disagree with ur thoughts and statement. This new bill is good for the future farming and if there is loopholes then Govt is ready to make changes. But the people in protest are not there for farmers support though they have their own propaganda hiding behind farmers protest. 
I m a farmer from Punjab....my grandfater has done day night hard work...thats why I have land to grow...
The food he eats every day is from a farmer, I do not have any word to express, what kind of human is he, eating and spending peoples money. And adding to it, he makes a law against the people.
This video was not well researched. The government made 3 new farm laws so that the farmers that die poor in india can sell their produce at higher price. But the people here protesting were the bigger field farmers who exploit the small scaled farmers in india. The government made a law that the farmers can sell the crop outside the mandy too, the mandy will exist and the private can directly buy it from the farmers. The 90% of farmers were in favour of the law. The protest was from the middlement of the farming sector, which too is an employment for 6 million indians and majorly in punjab . And govt. kept the law to be reconsidered and reanalyzed for 18 months, not just hold the law. This was a revolutionary law to change the poor status of farmers here, but opposition parties miscommunicated the law among the farmers.
However brother there's a little criticism that I would like to offer, the map of India shown in this video was inaccurate and showed various parts of Kashmir as a part of Pakistan which by international recognition and treaties are a part of India. that is kind of offending to me as an Indian. hoping you will make amends in your coming videos and mention this. Wishing you all the very best. 
They say laws are in favor of farmers. .... 
What stops the farmer from selling the produce outside of APMCs today?
Why farmers wants all 3 laws instead of amendmemts.
If there is contract farming, the farmer can charge the transportation cost added to the overall cost that they want to sell his produce , this way the farmers don't have to bear the transportation cost  . 
Is simple -No farmers no food no food = Chaos .
Mam apke thought se kisaan bill shi hai yaa galat plz reply ...??
700 farmers died but not from govt hiting them.. but while travelling from their hometown or villages to outskirts of delhi where the protesters blocked the national highways for more than a year.
Modiji can't just guarantee msp .... What a shame for pm
Banarji sabi am being a farmer from the south side telling you.. we should be thankful to modiji that he responded to the farmers call in withdrawing the bill..
In India, more than 90% states already had this farmer bill, if this bill is as good as your are talking in this video..why not those states farmers come out and  show their  profits by this bill???
Congratulations farmers
Farmers lynched BJP workers but making a issue of death because of thier mistake
Also who is responsible for their 750 farmers family future???
at 2:50  MSP and price discovery is there
Also only 6% of Farmers benefit from MSP.  
This government bothers only about industrialists like Ambani and not farmers. This is not only in Haryana. The same is the case in all the states.
Good job guys. U guys did good research on issue. Most of Farmers r not business men.  They feel secure with msp. If they r happy with that. Let them be. Dont force them. Another issue bout bill is that corporates are given right to take loan on farmers land which is ridiculous . Third is what if corporates reject the produce on based of quality standard . They cant fight with them on that at every purchase.  Like u said corporates are powerful. What if they get cheaper produce from other country in future. Farming is subsidized in most of western country. It cost less in north America because of subsidy.
A Great win for farmers over the cruel rulers... For this win they have to suffer a lot...
Punjab farmer dnt need it bcoz there land is productivr and they r big , rich farners who dont get suppressed by middlemen but poor farmer of other states need this badly where middlemen cartelize and exploit poor small farmers
i ashmed my self to support modi govt and Media  my brainwash was done by media new channel but now my eyes open thank you dhruv bhai or aise video bannate raho
Earlier EIA now Farmer bills
As a layman I think these should be in those new farmer bills
Govt has lost the confidence of India that's why he has repealed the three draconian agriculture bill.defeat of democracy against authoritarian rule ,JAI JAWAN JAI KISSAN ,JAI BHARAT
Just a Mashup of clips from news channels... Very vague explanation of the laws.. No analysis or anything.. Seems to favor  farmers entirely
From the time Modi govt came into power in the Centre, there have been protests mostly incited by the Left and the Congress for creating issues out of anything and everything. This protest comes in the same genre. Please understand or at least try to understand that the majority of farmers are working in their fields and they have already started to benefit from the new Farm Laws.
Big salute to the Indian farmers ! It's the victory of our democracy.
We Pakistani Muslims show support to the Sikh community in India for its struggle with corruption in our countries 
No farmer no food 
                  IAS, IPS       IFS ( INDIAN FARMERS SERVICE )    IFS              IAS       ( so called work load )                   60                 ( IFS )                
Second - The UBER and OLA are still struggling to make money after so many years, there is no proof that they can even increase prices from their current levels as demand is not as sticky as you are saying, the reality is that only in a few urban centers young people who dont have vehicles use ola and UBER. In economics there is a difference between short-term and long-term supply and demand, Ola and UBER can increase prices for one year but people find different ways to commute the next year and by year 3 there is no dependence on Ola and UBER. This has played out in many commodities and products where companies overestimated their power and lost everything. In fact in a commodity like oil, the OPEC cartel increased prices across the world, the world within a few years found new oil and started using natural gas. Stuff is not so simple like you say. 
They should have left farm laws those who want them they can use it or leave it. Simply at the end everyone wants to win elections
Well we all talked about Indian media why didn't VOX thought or compare US protest against Indian peaceful protest.
Farmer: "My roof leaks when it rains"
All farmer's supporters and Farmers must aware from this proclaim. High possibility is that after ELECTION government may take U turn. Jai Hind..
Anyone changed his/her mind to farmers protest after watching this video?
I feel Farmers are behaving like they are some superior species and commoner owe something. In 20 years, hardly any food would manually be grown. Will see, what will they back then instead of "we feed you" (like for free).
Farmers are asking for govt. help which is called regulation which govt. can not provide for the sake of corporates.
I can live without my phone, but I can't live without farmers who produce my food.
A bjp supporter in me turned into indian again
Not ten thousand there are Around 5 million farmers
#istandwithfarmers 
To conclude we can say this bill will favor companies not farmers nor consumer(which is public of india)
Salute to farmers from the first date...but it will complete after the msp act all over india...jai jawaan jai kisaan...
If no farmers no food in our
in kisanon ke liye Congress acchi thi Jo dharne per baithe the aur Indira Gandhi ne goli chalva diya tha tab ye khush thy
Tell me one thing my brother.... Today also we buy apple at Rs. 120/-  per kg... But farmers are selling this by maximum Rs. 30/- or less than that... So why happing this still now??? And pls show some respect to our prime minister, when you taking his name... Not Pradhan mantri modi... He is Manoniya Pradhan Mantri of India Narender Modi
Land Acquisition Act, 2013 is very much in favour of the farmers as government is giving quite good amount of compensation....the market value is multiplied by four.
This sense of belonging and community is called being Indian. This is how this nation was built at the first place. We owe to our farmers. It should not be just them standing against the Water Cannons and Tear shells, The more we stay at our homes with our conveniences, the more 'We the people' are doing injustice to our farmers.
Maam If this affects each state differently, why all farmers throughout the country protesting?
Farmers Right
Those farmers laws aren't draconian in nature. Actually, it's exactly the opposite. Those laws are boon to the farmers.
do not celebrate early because he didn't sign on resolution owing to the fact that It could be a trick to send farmers back home.
Reporter, this is the first time in years Modis govt has been forced to listen.... me, thought India was a democracy
In his all videos he kept showing how bad is BJP government (Not only government). I'm not a supporter of BJP, it's a thing that I noticed. Today is my first day I acknowledged that channel like this (positive influence) even exist. I watched his 12-15 videos in a day and I liked that how is he highlighting the real issue of India. But everything blaming on the BJP government (not only government). BTW I like your videos, and keep making videos like this and keep aware us. 
If the Govt surrenders under pressure and rolls back these reforms then I guess they should also end the dominance of large farmers. They should bring about laws that make the agro subsidies available only to farmers with less than 10 lakh income and own less than 5-acre land. Also, MSP procurement should be granted ONLY TO THESE FARMERS. I am NOT SUGGESTING ANY REDUCTION IN SUBSIDIES OR ALLOCATION OF AGRICULTURAL BUDGET. HIKE IT BY ANOTHER 20% BUT ONLY GIVE ALL THE BENEFITS TO THE POOREST 20% FARMERS FIRST such that THEIR INCOMES DOUBLE (OR EVEN TREBLE). I could be mistaken but isn't that the demand of these so-called "annadataas" camping in Delhi under the able guidance of Shri Yogendra Yadav?
Excellent analysis for the real causes why Modi ji has gone back foot on Agriculture bill. True, it's UP election compulsion than real worry for Kisan welfare.
Farm bill allows capitalism and end government regulation
Look to be honest there were some flaws   in the farm laws and instead of repelling it fully there could have been some modifications
Hello! we in the USA did this to our society and economy first with the same devastating results occurring from 1915 until the 1990's!and still occurring today! We have the same problem and require the same answer. Nobody will accept the answer because it means total economy collapse and reset. the polyculture movement is great but it cant price compete without an end to the subsidies, and even the current farmers don't want that because its to scary to imagine the intense economic and asset struggles it would cause for them, and the temporary food shortages and massive price fluctuations that would ripple for over a generation through the entire population. ultimately it would create a massive demand for farmers again if we ended subsidies, and push any society that did that back to an agricultural economy. But India has even less flexibility to do this, because if one country in the world (USA and CHINA)uses the method and they can trade freely with your country without tariffs and limitations, they will undercut your farmers and your society becomes destitute like the many "third world " nations unable to subsidize their agriculture because they are to poor and in debt to the IMF.
Good effort PM, you tried to help the small farmers but the ultra rich middle men hijacked the reforms.... India doesn't deserve change I guess.
I am sorry to say- your conclusions are totally wrong. You say Government should improve the system, bureaucracy should control problems in Mandi! How impractical this. Then why not government set right our KSRTC or Air India ? Do you think it is possible. Our hard earned money ( by tax) is looted by crooks and politicians through such corporations. Public sector is a good idea. Government nationalised private banks by noble ideas. Now what happened. Politicians started pressurising banks to give loans to doubtable parties taking a cut. Now all those have ended as NPA . Now we are thinking of handing over some of them to private sector. Just compare the service by public sector and private sector banks. Remember KSRTC  MD Biju Prabhakar,s press conference. 
_PUNJAB is burning. Harsh weather, and hunger has claimed the lives of over 100 PUNJABI farmers._
So don't think only farmers are suffering and how can we buy so costly vegetables  fruits and other eatables.
*From **#Modi** to whole **#BJP** is unsuitable to rule and forming government, **#thank** you Modi*
Jin gadhin ko farm bills and msp removal me problem nahi dikhai de rahi. What the hell were you people doing in 8th 9th 10th standard economics classes? Kahan the?
How many mandis are there in india?
Think logically -In a democracy no govt will pass a law that will impact 600 million of their vote bank , they will lose right  ? . In Indian democracy Panchayat are the local bodies of village farmers . In recent elections the present govt backed panchayats won the local village level election in many states. So ask yourSelf who are protesting  and what percentage of Indian farmers are protesting . What is the law - the law provides option again option to farmers that they can sell theiR produce to anyone or govt shop known as mandis  thRough middlemen (breeding corruption ground of mandis) . The law affects rich middlemen but is is beneficial to small farmers who are in the clutch of rich middleman through debt trap. Now they have imposed one rule - either send one member of family to protest site or pay fine ...what the poor farmer will do ?
Salute to farmers unity
The logic behind new bill...to modernise Indian farming...make contract farming possible....indirectly nudge hidden unemployment in agriculture to shift to cities and start working in manufacturing or service industry
we the people of india...are with the farmers.
Due to  existing laws despite multiple growth in agro produce , kisan who were under producing for 30cr during 1950, now over produce for 130cr, but still many kisan go for suicide due to present law despite lot of waivers n subsidy, that why change was required. there are leftist who run mis information campaign , and kisan suffers , tikait who has not tough plough for decades is kisan leader what a campaign.
Tikait working on direction of  foreign agent just creating hurdles in growth of country in name of so called kisan anadolan
Bad: you failed to give any solid comment against the bills. Instead you just gave your opinion.
The issue is Farmers who have land below 10 Acres cannot afford farming . He spends more & get less. 70% farmers come in this category. So Corporate should enter farming by making this farmers as partner & take a chunk of 100 acres from 10 farmers, invest in warehousing & new technology & agree to a % profit with farmers & also can employ the farmers on their own land for work. With strong marketing they might able to export also.
Good explanation about Farms bills.
We have similar problems with deregulation in Australia. Big supermarkets like Coles and Woolworths set the the prices they will buy milk at and dairy farmers have to accept it if they want to be able to sell their milk at all. Many of them are significantly in debt because they're not making enough of a profit to cover their costs. If Indians want there to be prosperous family farms they should support the protests.
Shame on bjp. Haryana govt
I'm from muzaffarnagar & son of farmer.
We need support from all states and  stand beside these farmers in solidarity.
Farm Protest leaders are politically motivated by opposition parties and just wanted to make chaos in Country and have nothing to do with welfare of farmers or people  of country. 
IF U UNDERSTAND THIS THAN U WILL SURELY SUPPORT FARMERS PROTEST...
Who will decide the price of the commodity in market other than Apmc?
3. Find out what is the situation of punjab   when it comes  to farming. The num of cancer cases that region have and reason behind it.
But all the other crop farmers don't have this option and also no MSP. 
This is not farmer's
You think farmers bewkuf hai.unko bjp jabradsti fayda de rhi but wo le nhi rhe
MSP should be made a legal right because if the government is claiming that farmers income will increase then it will obviously be above MSP so there should not be any problem in making MSP a legal right 
I am proud of our sardars. The farmers right cannot be snatched.
Where is video of farmers crushed to death by ministers car FIRST SHAME ON UR CHANNEL
Ok you took a stand against this farmers protest in India whic I appreciate by the way. When are you going to talk about the riots going in South Africa?
These arsonists masquerading as "farmers" need to be thrown in jail!
#standwithfarmers 
center government ko har state ki government ke sath baidna chaihea. If they want modifications in farming .than state government can give advise to their farmers .
please support farmers,  the corporates will exploit the poor farmers especially the small scale farmers
*Thank for supporting farmers*
Only punjabi celebrate not Indian's as we don't use drug's and by the way DW Punjab do most of global warming in India hope you support that to
Before you make a myopic conclusion, lemme clear some of your basics. There are two ways in a house by which a motion or a bill can be passed, Voice vote, and Division. By rule, any motion or bill is first passed by a voice vote, just as they did here, if ayes are louder, theyre said to have it, if the noes are louder, theyre said to have it, seems undemocratic right? Heres where Division comes into play. Even if a Single member of the house is unsatisfied or opposed to the decision made by the voice vote, by rule, the votes are taken again by a digital vote recorder machine. If youd have seen the proceedings of RS on 20th September, youd have noticed that no member of the opposition was  opposed/unsatisfied with the voice vote, which by default made it the final decision. Even if a single member wouldve been against the voice vote, the division process would have been initiated. So, u just cant blame BJP for it conducted the voice vote. Thats how parliament has been working since years.
Wow ! Farmers are doing it peacefully. I can see that.
Totally wrong i don't know why the people of punjab have so much of hatred in there heart for Modi am also from punjab the kind of language they are using for Modi is totally disgrace..!!
Son of farmer
food corporation of india takes loan from other govt institutions just to purchase their all of produce. rice of punjab has no protein in it, all Urea continuous production of same crop is depleting soil fertility of punjab.
Indian farmers 
I'm not a farmer. I don't understand the new laws. I just support these men in their endeavour to get what they want.
Every thing is not perfect but gov do well msp ka khel hai I thinl middle man totally kick out good bro this bill and dallali and private and real kisan stand on his feat dallal jamkhori karte hai market ko ek tarh ka  kabza karte hai.... Jiske karan or choti mandi or ye chote kisano shoshad karte
Great video but it missed an important point where farmers overuse fertilizers and pesticides/insecticide. 3 to 4 times the prescribed amount...
I think the middle class should be protesting against farm bill not the farmers ...lol
What VOX seem to conveniently ignore is  why only Punjab n haryana farmers are against these laws ? N who made these jokers judges to decide what law is anti farmer ?
if each and every party is protesting against one party then bjp is 1000% right
I am 40 % happy on farmers win, 50% happy on Modi's Waterloo, 10% on reserve.. we could not believe this modi Shah duo ..they will deny at any time
Vox only covered the negatives of farm laws due to which farmers are protesting and I support farmers in that issue.
Well, to shorten the case, the laws of mandi will remain intact. The new laws are for something outside the mandis. If farmers are skilled enough to produce quality food, then instead of minimum selling price(MSP), they can sell it to corporates or restaurants through contracts like those done in commodity markets. And the new laws are putting these corporates and restaurants or any other bidder to pay the farmers and obey the contract. So these laws are just another option, and that doesn't banish the mandis option.
Congress k raaj mein mera gaaon andhere mein tha...aaj 16 ghante bijli aati hai...And AAP ko kabse china hone lagi...all these fukin political parties just see their benefits...no body gives a fuck about farmers or local janta..Kejriwala ji Aap Yamuna ko sambhalo
You said  81% of the farmers are not aware about MSP... So they are not even aware about the tax money which state govt get from these APMC...
In my opinion contract with the farmer and trader is the best way
Anyone feel the same, oh this is farmbill.... And what's up all the noise on F*King tv , this damn politics
In Australia deregulation of the dairy industry has had many small farmers drop out. The big supermarkets have taken advantage. It is more expensive to buy 1 Litre of water, than 1 Litre of milk. India Farmers look after them as they supply your food!
selfish farmers will make india fall
A Big Salute for Farmers Unity.
Agriculture is backbone of these poor farmers .
Why Farmers bill protest in Punjab not in other states. Because Punjab only congress majority.
Govt can decide on the crops , provide seeds and fertilizers and take the profit also , And pay Salary , Pension and other benefits to the farmer for his work... 
All education, technology, research, science, business politics fail if we do not have ability to solution farmers need!  We need food for living not need fake promise. He is a food productor, peoples loves farmers. Everyone should remembers food not grow in any multinational company, bank or any Department... Food grow in the farmers field only.
3 new farm bills for Adani & Ambani not for poor farmers
Perfectly said silence is not the weapon for injustice and farmers protest proved this point. Hats off to the farmers unity and strong message to everyone who has taken democracy for a ride
Thanks for reminding everyone how farmers have struggled.... It's was not at all easy.. salute to farmers .. they won because of courage, parishram, patience, persistence and their unity...
Government promoting one nation, one market was already in place since 1976, they just want to give advantage to their Corporate Bosses of farmers sweat and blood.
Respects to all farmers who are no more.
Farmers are wonder of the world.
agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , 
Inn farmers ka jo kharcha krwa rahe h woh kya modi sarkar krdegi wapis ..why there is more delay
Listen to intellectuals,listen to economists.Repealing of farm laws would only benefit big farmers and arhatiyas.Small farmers and consumers need farm laws like these.This is a bad news.People are celebrating as they got lollipop back and won't have to eat spinach anymore.
Manipulate video.. Your supporting Bjp
Why did you exclude the fact that msp is not a legal provision? Also, it was promised in an election manifesto that it would repeal the agricultural produce market committees act and make trade in agricultural produce - including export and Inter state trade - free from all restrictions. Why then are we raising barriers when in principle all of us agree it's good for the farmers? APMC is not going anywhere either, so everyone has an option to sell there.
give 700 death farmers family 1crore rupees  each and 1 acher forming land.
I used to support BJP wen the protests happened but I couldn't understand why so many farmers suddenly came to the streets and the media was portraying them as stupid... It didnt make sense that so many people were desperately protesting and the media just calls them dumb and uninformed... We are the uninformed ones... those are the people whose livelihoods will be affected. They know how their lives work best...
This is a victory to Socialist Secular India.!! No to privatization, No to Corporations, No to Modi!!
Punjab and Haryana farmers mainly cultivate wheat and rice for sale , these bills are made to exploit this produce and give the govt favoured companies direct control over this grain produce.
Sri Lanka has this same problem of farmers not being able to sell their cultivation at a decent price. The authority should know better to give the necessary facilities and make arrangements for the farmers to sell their products directly to the customers without having to go through a middle party. Agriculture should be given more attention. Farmers should be treated fair.
Hats off to the farmers braving bitter cold weather, Modi's bigotry and Indian media 
Today Modi not defeat but win of Indian bad politices?
I appreciate to such youth .He is real son of farmer.God bless him.
State revenues of apmc mandis looks bone of contention. Why not covered dispute areas and kisan vote bank rajneeti. Also scientific drip irrigation farming can bring down cost. The super rich farmers be brought under income tax, agriculture separate tax net to replace the apmc mandis state revenues to state govts.
Absolutely loved the last part, if there is an indicative price realtime application for prices of the farm produce would be awesome 
If farmers can develop coop society and own sales channels and consumers start buying from farmers....It can be helpful
Now, all the conflicts will be assigned to magistrate... What's the issue, then.... If a farmer is not satisfied by the remarks, then there is a way to enter higher courts... Has it been said somewhere that only magistrate has got the supreme power to make judgements? Can't these cases be moved to higher judiciary.... That's why it has been said that, certain troops have been allocated just to rumor monger at every place....
Farmers is right
Right sirji really tiger modiji
This law was good was farmers as he said it has nothing to do with msp(means they can sell at msp in the mandi) but everyone wants politics
Chutiyo.......bills repelled due to election
Not "Indian farmers" Its the Indian "Punjabis and Haryanvis"
Everything is correct except it is not mandatory for farmers to deal with corporates, they always have option to continue the old process
From 3:10 to 3:40 it explains everything that was wrong with the new farm laws. Punjab and Haryana are the richest farming states in India and on the other hand you have Bihar where the mandi system was eliminated and new reforms were presented in 2006 and yet they are still amongst the poorest in India? this clearly proves beyond any shadow of a doubt that the new farm laws will not improve the economic conditions of the farmers but will definitely improve the profitability of a few large corporations which are close to this BJP regime.
Essential Commodities act 2020 is one of the biggest reason why retail inflation is so High in India. Currently were paying minimum of more than 2 times the price of vegetables which we used to pay earlier. 
Stand for Kisan Kisan India labour India mothers India girls India women India blind India Ambedkar India all all people help all problems finish very very fast
These thugs launched a rebellion on Republic Day and must be severely suppressed. It is also necessary to trace the Pakistanis and Chinese who hid behind to support them.
Tikait and others should be arrested and jailed (for Aajeewan karawas) in murder of innocent kisans and other  crimes.
I loved your Disclaimer : "if you have already made up your mind about the bills, this video is not for you. Also, very rightly said that everything depends on the implementation of the bills. The mandis were created for the benefit of farmers and they are actually benefitting the middleman.
From being forced to sell to a monopoly, to anywhere who offers them a better deal - it will improve farmer returns long term.
Indian media never covered foreign countries protest on farm laws
Now farmers are also termed terrorist... Jiska khate ho usi ko dikha
Tractor protests, Indians invented new ways
3. Those farmers have legally killed people, will now have their whole life ruined. Despite the fact that they really had no other option.
So finally modi heard the voice of only few farmers nd terrorists.  Modi media lost their battle. Shame on u govt
What I understood is that more than farmers, each and every common man should support this protest!
Suggestion: Govt. Of India should repeal these laws for now.. And sit with all farmers who are supporting as well as in against and discuss all issue and then make new laws which is accepted by all so that all farmers get benefitted and they really get the real value of their produce.. Thanks
With the first bill , the farmers can sell their produce beyond the local markets  inter states. But why haven't u mentioned the condition  that comes with this bill??? Only those who have the PAN cards ; in short who pay goods & services tax (GST) wud be allowed to sell their produce outside the state , if not they can't . Only the large richie rich farmers wud benefit from this bill  marginal, medium farmers and tenant farmers will not. Better mention all the aspects !
It was helpful to understand why farmers are protesting.. well explained
BJP was not really interested in punjab elections, but now as the latest UP opinion polls are saying that bjp is losing some ground because of farmer agitation, they now feel repealing these laws will be like killing two birds with one stone ( UP elections and Punjab elections with Amrindar as CM face)
This farmers are the rich ones, poor ones in South India support this laws. Because small farmers need them. Our state government supports this laws even though they hate BJP, the power at the central.
i am a farmer sir smjta hu reality sir
Point Number 8, is really unnecessary and detrimental to Farmer - Sponsor relationship, the point being tagged as 'Sponsor Prohibited from Acquiring or making Modification to farmers land', this will not allow the sponsor to innovate and technologize the farming technique because his assets on the farmland will be under a time-bomb of max 5 years and min one crop-cycle.
Ma'am according to you if these farm bills implemented there is still question of Minimum Support price, would private companies take goods above it? and farmers point of view question of transportation is also there
we support farmers.   Khalistan Zindabad
Love you all formers from Pakistani Punjab 
Want to know the reality at farmers protest, then watch our vlog at farmers protest on our channel Stringers Vlogs
Good delivery The rrsponsibility of State Govt is not specified and who will take the responsibility of fixing MSP  Further  Grievence redressal system is poor in the bill
Farmers and government
Never support these three bill
2. Farmers could only sell to British Authorised Wholesalers. 
It's sad because haryana government had decided that they want 75% reservation for local people and they were going to pass that bill.... it's like saying that newyork corporation needs to hire 75% people only from newyork....not from other parts of United States....so modi had to withdraw farms bill..... it's not the first time, State governments in india always try to implement this rule......they don't want people from other states flocking into their state.....mainly targeted at up,bihar....which are most populous states in india....so alot has been going on in background and it's not a win it's a total loss of india if you look in terms of country's prospective
"MSP"(min. support price)  is now allowed
This was very informative. By far the  Best video I saw on farmers bill.
The problem is people only know farmer are protesting. But they dont know what the amendment done . It seems to be they dont have complete information. Not right candidate  to ask questions about farmer protests. Request you before asking questions with any one please ask so you know what the Govt new law. If they say yes than only you should ask else people review is not correct. Incomplete information is very dangerous.
Congratulations my dear farmer. due to your rigrous struggle.this dictorship government come on there  
Being a farmer's son thank you for not portraying us as villains like other Godi media do, every farmer is protesting for a cause and farmers are more mature and educated to differentiate what is right&what is wrong if not self-educated but their children Are..!!!
When bjp will not be in the power where will you guys go so called godi media reporters 
They are not telling that the added a NEW law which told "Farmers can sell goods directly to the market than through someone" which means that middlemen are not needed ( the farmers were exploited by middlemen because the middlemen buy from farmers at very low cost , and then hyperinflate the price when selling the goods in the markets) The protest is not about farmers, Farmers are happy but the middle men were unemployed after this law the middlemen are protesting. They were ILLEGALY working and exploiting them
3:37.. it is a valid point.. We have the example of diary farmers and Amul, Nestle , Hatsun.
Support Farmers 
Please refer contract farming bill chapter 2 point 5b
ha ha even now the farmers can sell it outside and to whom they want..
It's time for farmers to start paying taxes.
Whenever modi or BJP didn't came in political reform  will india not be progress 
Why doesn't dhruv rathee does not talk about good parts in farm laws yes there are some points to be concentrated and corrected and our parliament has procedure to correct by opposition why is the opposition silent,why only two states farmers have problem with farm laws,why influencer like dhruv is selective In spreading information
Because My father is also farmer 
The number of farmers who gained by the laws have been ignored because of the arthiyas obstinacy
Where as now govt decide to eradicate the already settled  unofficial price by arthiyas by giving autonomy to farmer to sell their produce in open market than why this protest.....?
Famers feel they dont need these bills but indian gov not ready to hear them
I think vedio makers are not farmers by profession. It's easy to explains saying about its benefits .bolne me toy kuch bhi bol sakte hain .but those(farmers) who actually  has to face this ,knows better.their generations have been in farming. They know better how bills are going to affect them in future .they have experience of many schemes ,bill introducted in past by any govt. It's just the farmer who should decide not the vedio makers or those who  don't do farming or who is not farmer..let farmers decide whats good or bad for them .
Listen guys make sure that we will throw out bjp from India in 2024
Then why the same rate of Tomatoes in up is rs 800 and in Punjab he is getting 1900. So they have to msp function is better than bills.
More fun Fact- less than 6% farmers get the price of MSP and that too big farmers only and majorly if they sell wheat or rice, rest 21crops aren't even procured by government at large scale.
Ego needs election win , so this repeal is to ensure that ego survives via election win especially in UP but above all it is a great news of our struggling farmers  congratulations to all 
The great Indian Tamasha!!! I as a consumer am very happy that farmers are protesting, that's because I know as long as these farmers protesting I can enjoy cheap ration for my kitchen. Years of APMC mandis has done very little for these poor farmers and has made Indian farmers synonymous to poor peasants.
Can't find out kindness, sympathy,love for farmers and secularism. Something is fishy.
4) company take responsibility  farmers land and family to protect. 
I'm from Pakistan but i support your content because you are talking about the right of people
- MSP isn't declared on all commodities and there is a quota of procurement. 
Grand salute to Farmer's unity and their not-for-sale leadership for keeping democracy alive in our so-called democratic country. Thanks, Mr. Akash Banerjee for explaining excellently 14 months in less than 14 minutes. I, Very humbly, request all those who did not like this back out by the government or are against this protest of farmers, please boycott farm produce to teach them a lesson.
You need to read up more as to why these laws were passed in the first place...and why only farmers of only few minorty states are protesting, while farmers in majority of the states are happy with these laws...Read Up Trevor, Read Up...
Farmers protest political issues for Congress &opposite party.
Sir, please make a video on Andhra Pradesh Amravati farmers strike. 
Farmers are exploited in APMC also no MSP is given also please share pros also.
DW farmers will Atleast grow their own to survive but you big city people you are gonna have hard time surviving
Actually,  ISI paratrooped Pakistani Solders in Lakhimpur Kheri,  Para Commondo Ashish Tani was on a high profile secret mission, but he is being framed by Anti Nationals. 
Ive tears in my eyes after watching all the videos. how could people be so ruthless that too on our farmers. They arent terrorists man, enforce your orders on other culprits whom youre protecting since ages. Ashamed of this nation and whole machinery. Its just unbearable.
Next election India gonna vote the same..after all these.. And we blame the politician..
Rich farmers ke upar tax lagana chaiye. 
Farmers ? Not at all.
Vox plzz covere more news about Indian farmer protest help Indian  farmer 
Modi also removed the cap for storage of crops before passing these bills in September. So that big corporate companies can buy all the crops from farmers at very cheap rate. It's a big conspiracy!!!!
Yes we need justice for farmers
So why is the government against legalizing MSP?
Thank you for putting forward reality! Support farmer!
2) Tho 20% farmers have won the battle of their ego and pride but agriculture has lost by 100%.
UP Election... Zindabad
Surely Indians farmers can trust big companies and billionaires to give them a fair price and not band together and force them to sell it cheap surely they have enough money and don't want to take more from hard workers
Bihar is a failed examply of the farm, and Punjab does not want that future. The BIhari cannot farm on his own land becasue it to costly and dosnt produce any income, so the Bihari if corced to froget farming his land and migrate to punjab to earn a living on the fields of punjabi farmer
so basically all issues are down to human greed, whether its farmers' greed or middlemen's..
Shameless modi India has never had such a shameless pm in history.. he is ruining India.
Aunty u r very right....we must support farmer
Proud to be farmer and sikh
Farm bill was long awaited. I support the government.
Felling proud to be a punjabi... This is our identity... No body can divide us on the basis of religion... We love everyone... We stand against injustice.... Guru Nanak dev ji v aaj fkr krde hone apne bchiya nu ohna di reet nibhaunde vekh ke
8. In the present scenario is our farmers are really capable to  prepare term and condition of contract farming.
POWER TO THE PEOPLE! FARMER SOLIDARITY!
The msp can be pratical only If the farmers are producing different crops. If everyone grows tomato and the price is made msp, it is not possible to store all tomato since shelf life is 3 to 5 days. By using refrigerator they can increase the shelf life. But it can be only done by corporate or rich farmers. That means we need a system to plan what are the crops farmers are growing. Also we need to make sure the crops they are growing doesn't destroy the fertility of soil like indigo
If you don't like the policy of elected govt then peacefully protest but not invade other people right to travel by blocking roads. You can always vote in next election and get the current govt out of power. Your next elected govt can support and pass your liked laws and policies.
Our farmers deserve better standard of living and this bill will be a milestone in the process.
I come from an India where comedians talk about their family traditions in the name of our country's tradition.
India salutes your courage and journalism Ravish ji
Sikh farmers not indians
Finally really feeling happy for our farmers. After every hardship there is relief.
1) The mandi system works today but it is far from perfect as it js plagued with corruption and opacity where non-govt middlemen thrive, due to which no private corporation wants to do business. Thus limiting investments which is terribly needed for growth. You would see why these middlemen would have an incentive to keep status quo and misinform farmers into thinking what exist is best for them. 
Its not the farmer protest, its only the middle men protesting coz they will loosed the business. All other states in India have accepted and greeted the Agri law but its only the haryana state of India not accepting the law coz the majority business as middle men will loose business. 
Thank you this video was very helpful. Ithu sherikkum implement cheytha and corporate thenditharam cheyaand irunnal. This will help farmers a lot and  sadharanakaran aaya karshakan velya aalu aavum.  Hope everything goes right and they implement these laws.
I am with the farmers "father of national".
Out of curiosity, this is a central law which the farmers are protesting for, but only farmers from Punjab seems to be having a problem. Why aren't any other farmers around the country protesting?
Farmars Bill best tha
1st sushant then farmer law
If it is very important like pm says in this speech. Then I would like to ask why he repeal this law though he know this law good for farmer. Then what make him to repeal this law, you willingly take away goodness of the farmer law what force you to do that.
My dear friend, every time I see you defaming bjp as if they are the only criminals in India, all other politicians are decent and doesn't involve in act of this kind. But he my question to you, are all politicians other than bjp are pristine white like milk? Why don't you bring others to limelight, who are equally criminal comparable to that of bjp?
This Man Didnt Oppose in Punjab!!!
aapke iss informative videos mai bahot loopholes hote hai. bahot kuch uncovered hota hai. the main idea is to eradicate the interference of middlemen. I am not saying this bill is perfect but its also not vague or unfavorable to farmers. govt is providing them a new platform to sell their produce. however, minimum support price should be increased for the welfare of farmers.
Actual farmers are working in their fields. These brokers are getting funds from Terrorist group like Kamishan and ISI.
BJP sold India
Farmers in India are fighting for their freedom, against modi dictatorship
Why are farmers from only punjab and haryana protesting not from other regions??
That is not farmers
Farm reforms must be formed by only those people who are involved in this business, starting from the manufacturer, transporter , stockist, warehouse , distributor and price regulator , other people are incapable of doing it
Hoping the best for these farmers , I hope the government Takes back the law or does something about it , otherwise most probably Indian farmers will leave the profession , then India may suffer a FOOD CRISIS  !!
sir please make a video on taking back of farmer bill by govt. please...
Jat han hum modi bete tera to soda a kuuch nhi exit bjp
We support farmers.. These 3 laws will affect each and every poor and middle class person. These laws are designed to make farmers slave and give the monopoly of food production, and control over supply and demand to few big capitalists.  This will create inflation rate skyrocketed and hunger, starvation will become the biggest problem in India since majority of the people would be unable to eat and fulfill their basic needs. Farmers will sell at the cheapest price and we consumers, urban people will buy their production at insanely inflated prices. It will generate more and more poverty and unequal wealth distribution which is already in a disastrous condition
These farm bills are not reforms; they are corporate loot. 
Indian farmer. Sucide in every 30. Minute. To much corporation in india
Wait... Did you say, khalistani.. Who? Just google it, it's an anti-national Terrorist separatist movement. 
Defeat BJP and avail the benefits  Fuel Prices, Farm Laws, who knows BJP Govt might give 15 Lakhs to citizens 
Now AP&TG farmers will suffer because of Punjab. The decision must be given to states to repeal or continue farm laws.
kidhar guum ho gaye thei, was waiting for your views on Farmer's protest.
The government should introduce a course or program for educating the farmers, also introduce MSP.
Im from Haryana n farmers hu. Mere parents n family i mean. I am a student. Jo mandi hai vo phele hi itna kam deti hai. K cost break even hojea vo enough hai. Isme improvement to chodo ab iske bi khatam kar diya. Ye din kisi kisan ne ni socha tha. jo bacha kucha mandi me milta tha vo hi hire moti jaisa lg rha hai ab. Ye din dhika diye government ne.
Please rename this to protest by vested interests, farmers are in the fields.
With heavy hearted  after the announcement of repeal of farm law's i must say ISS DESH KA KUCH NAHI HO SAKTA.
* Government will repeal all 3 farm laws, it's in Parliament's Winter session.
4:07 i think the farmer gets the price benifit when the pruce goes high when market price goes hight on the harvest time they have to pay the market price to the farmer not the contract price. If the market price goes down then the byer has to give the contract price
Farmers' protest started with great intent, and to be honest they have got a lot improved through discussions with the government. The MSP is guaranteed along with other demands that were put in as a check to not let corporate overlords take advantage of vulnerable farmers. 
6. Farmers demand is to amment bill to make sure that private procurer cant procure bellow MSP or Govt can pay the mismatch amount during low demand. 
Congratulations farmers 
All the taxes which are there they are not put on farmers if MSP is 2000 farmer sell crop at 2000 taxes are paid by buyer not farmers and APMC in Punjab are lot easy to reach with in 3 to 5 KM
Unless you get into the details of the laws passed how would you come to a conclusion that the laws are against the farmers 
Yes, Farmers who died should get compensation and their names should be engraved at agitation site to remembered them forever
Y  congress  party n  other  opposition praty shameless  owais  lawyer   not going  Rajasthan to  support  kisans  all politics  chor partys
7. A farmer after his long, hardwork, say your example of an Eggplant, had the option of selling his produce only at these Mandis.
BJP crossing all limits to silence fellow Indians
Beautiful, since long I was waiting for this beautiful. Going to share it with my friends and family but 2/3 things you have smartly ignored. 1 Govt tax. On farmers and middleman. 2. Employment created by Pvt players. 3. Formalising the farm/agriculture economy. These are huge factors. Thats why I support this Farm bill.
Zee News only BJP ka News he
In the first 5-6 mins only she  described the problem with APMC mandis . Nobody is denying the middlemen Talkin the most profits. But just because there was problem in govt mandis, you would privatise them? There should have been a new act that APMC will sell the prices to retailers according to their price . But this govt totally removed APMC, and now everything is privatised . So the govt won't be responsible anymore.
Farmer .....You are the best
Exactly...when a Gov imposes law without any consultation, then thats dictatorship not democracy...besides, why didn't PM cry when 700 farmers lost their lives? Why didn't PM come forward when the poor farmers have been suffering for past year...well elections are here and we will come back with more stringent laws!!
The government has egg on its face. Finally the farmers brought the government to its knees
No farmers no food 
3. Cut the role of middleman in sale purchase of agriculture produce so that farmers and consumers get the benefit.
2. He failed to mention selling of non msp products in mandis. - farmer cant sell anywhere outside their mandis - so exploitation at its peak
And government is not going to remove mandis , they are simply giving farmers a choice wether they could sell it in mandis or to private corporation or to simply go in another state to sell it ,as the current law forbids them to sell their crops in another state of to a person who has not received a permit from the state government.
apmc will loose the monopoly of trade and its location but it will also stop the monoplocy of FCI specially in punjab and haryana and one more thing farmer can easily take himself out from the contract anytime without any penalty
If understand correctly what farmers are asking for is a MSP for their products. So even if you can actually get rice at a lower cost, government should buy it at an inflated price. I totally agree with this demand. My only condition is that since everyone who passes graduation does not get same salary government should provide same basic salary for all graduates. I think that would be fair...
take atrict action against tikat he is the master mind behimd all this that took place
Ma'am I have doubt according to Shanta Kumar Committee report only 6% farmer's are benefited from MSP , what about 94% farmer's who are not benefited from MSP.
Unity let farmers to win, let us bless be it last forever, how far they will beat divide and rule policy let us see .
In my opinion, Market should be further liberalized and the requirement of trade licensing should be abolished. But at the same time, the government should employ economists to fix a minimum rate and a maximum rate at which farmers and companies could transact if both sides don't agree on a price outside that range.
70% farmers supported the reforms but sadly they are completely consumed in their occupation. Only the rich factions could afford to protest for an year, block highways, and not have to worry about their farms.
Thanks man. You change my mind towars farm bills. I hope  many people watch your video so that they can understand too. I SUPPORT FARMERS  now
Similarly the entire price control mechanism has been managed by these middlemen class who mostly form the working base of political parties & hooligans & people with larger syndicates around them. They are the one who get the licenseses from the government, & control everything regarding the price & hoarding. I'll bet its them who have put this restriction on onion export so that local market price can be controlled & they're also controlling the unions those who put up these colourful protests everywhere. & you know the people who're facing the blowbacks? Its the farmers, majority of our farmers who are effected directly by this would come out & actually support this bill. If the food supply chain  has to be freed from the middlemen's palm then introducing free market is the best & only option for us. Our middleclass hypocrisy should end somewhere.
Farmers have become new Kashmiris.
And it's a big mistake the government did to upset the farmers.
Very nicelly explained the new former bill 2020 in India (thanks Amit), A Pakistani student.
Ban bjp from contesting in Indian elections
I love modiji s styles , opinions and hardwork 
Remember in telecom sector, pvt. Players were welcomed so as to improve the quality, increase competition, customer gets best service. But what happened? Slowly only 3 players survived Airtel, Jio and Vi. So, now they share a monopoly. They decide when to raise price and for what services we should pay. And BSNL slowly wiped off. This will happen with farmers after 5-7 years. Remember, those who can predict about rain seeing a sparrow bathing in sand, is far more practically intelligent than you and me.
All farmers Boycott those products  show on zee news
Surely Farm bill need to review in farvour of Indian farmers.
The way govt treats farmer is so pathetic. There no proper way to get rid of biowaste. State Govt officials are as pathetic as their counterparts in ministry. Shortage of basic fertilizer like DAP and Urea is rampant. Rates of agriculture produce is falling.
The farmer is an enterprise, who buys everything in retail & sell in wholesale.
Wouldn't have been better if u had asked them to ur home... U would've saved all the trouble.. U isolated them from the most of farmers who are celebrating.. And showing us the people whose agenda is aligned with that of yours..
"Farmers across the country" - No dude, it's a sect of farmers/middlemen
I m a surgeon, I came here randomly n stuck here only because of you sir... Great salute to you n your personality... Farmer leaders n opposition ko even rulling party ko bhi ye video dekhna chahiye...
Mam but now they are saying , that apmc and msp system is not going to change, what about this?
She is just objecting APMC, there is no information regarding the new bills. Its obvious that we need a reform in this act, but the new bills will make it more worse just like an incomplete knowledge can harm you in abundance.
Modi ji is a strong leader. He had given up due to certain reasons. But all these will repent for their decision in future. We are and were with Modi ji always.
Love and support from Hisar Haryana
Best explanation heard about the bills. Hope this has enlightened people  and give clarity on the protesting. They need to be heard and laws ammended in the interests of all not just the farming community. Kissan ekta jindabad
Rakesh Tikait chor hai
I think his knowledge of farm and farmers is from theory
fact.... punjabi doesnt have their own country. Their land has been taken away by colonial india. They are fighting for their freedom so that they can say they have their own country not a state of colonial india....
Now it is opportunity for youth to start companies for cold storage and packaged food like milk which will benefit farmer also and will increase exports
Farmers, no need to talk much.  Since the police whack you, just whack back.
Now all Farmers will become Rich millionaires 
To my knowledge MSP is given only on few produces and not all of them. One important thing is how can you expect someone else to decide the price on ur produce. With the e commerce revolution round the corner the farmer can actually build up on it and we as the urban class can actually help them with apps and logistics. Its always a win-win situation if u think in positive way. Please stop complaining about the problems and start spreading solutions. NO FEAR MONGERING
PM Modi has crossed the age of 70. Now as per provision laid by him regarding age of a leader, he should voluntarily roll back himself and should clear the way ahead for leaders like  CM Yogi Adityanath and  minister Nitin Gadkari. RSS should work in this direction.
MSP par bhi nahi sell hota hai atleast half a year.....APMC ke bahar sell hona shuru hua tab toh waise bhi corporate sector ko attract karega.....wait and watch...get your facts checked..i belong to this profession...
The Farmers are protesting in Delhi and its been a peaceful protest if you dont count police brutalities. 
Everyone is talking about ki "hm 2024 tk beth skte hai, Modi ki maa-behen etc etc, Yha se hmara khana aa rha hai" but not seen anyone discussing the farm's act, even the clause they are having problem with. 
So well explained, hope we the consumers get organised have a strong union like small group of farmers protesting on delhi borders
First incident of India in which Yogi send summons of murders of farmers,
Please support indian farmers...protest still going on...foriegn media help us..modi government is crushing us please help...
Can't trust a single word this PM says. verbal assurance of repealing the draconian farm laws is just another jumla like the hundreds already made & never fulfilled.
I feel proud Indian farmers 
Now no farmer will commit suicide 
MODIJIKO SAHI DESHPREMI BANAAYE HE UPARVAALE JIVIT ISHAVAR PRABHU YESHUPITAA SATGURUDEV
Farmers want dal roti security ..
You very well explained what was old laws and apmc act. But the title of the video was 3 farm bills review so the thing is you didn't explained what are those bills trying to say even you didn't stated their names apart from abolision of apmc act. You didn't talk about what are some clauses like the government has removed the limit of stocking and private players can stock as much as they want etc. because of which agitation is there in our country.
Looks like in states of punjab and haryana, there is great "teamwork" happening between traders, farmers and state governments.  So the Center should roll out the present AGRO REFORMS but allow the various State Legislative assemblies to give a thumbs up or thumbs down to it.  Punjab and Haryana and some parts of UP want to continue the current STATUS QUO and their State Legislatures will deliver that to them.  In ALL other States of India, the AGRO REFORMS have been very well received especially those who know what is there in these AGRO REFORMS.
Destroy farmers livelihood, the country will fall.
Farmers peace full hei police ne block kiya hei
To summarise nobody is concerned with problems of farmers & everybody wants to gain some brownie points. Solution of the problem must be focused rather than a new set of laws which creates another set of problems for the farmers. Basic question is how can we make the farmer decide at what rate he needs to sell his crop produce without any law binding him & he gets fair price. At the same time middle men need to be eliminated. States where there are no APMC/Mandi there are also more APMC must be created for small farmers. Contract farming is for Big or large land holdings from where corporates may purchase the produce. In nut shell the laws don't address the concern for all section/states. Solution will be to enable both system APMC with MSP or private dealer at farmer doorstep.
It was all done just to shut the mouth of the opposite, who were fighting against Modi on just this farmer reforms , and rights for farmers , so Modi has played his master stroke
purchased at minimum support price (MSP) and rest was purchased at lower
7:17 they are not farmers they are khalistanis
These Bills Surly Distroys The Farmers.....
Still a huge farmer's protest, not a marginalised farmer's, god bless marginal farmers with Modi's farm laws
middle man buys from farmers and who buys from middle man.....big corporates and middle man makes big profit from corporates...
Our farmers are protesting for there rights since from the last 8 months without caring about the pandemic situation on the other side goverment and out beloved PM doesn't care about those people who covers the major part of over country the ordinances must be roll back and the MSP must be legalise by the Government of India with protection to there MANDIS.
In other words, agri companies have a high leeway by creating information asymmetry regarding demand  and making the most out of the three laws for themselves at the expense of both farmers and consumers.
His views were totally govt centric.    he supplied.  that the hey are big farmers...small farmers.  if we have that much wheat in surplus.   distribute that to poor people accross india... 
Over 120 farmers have lost their lives in this harsh weather. Idk when this govt will show mercy 
Sham in indian political government save farmers
BBC takes any opportunity to bash the Indian government. Anything to appease their woke friends. The fact is India needs to modernize its farming practices
I remember voting on supporting gmo chem corporations as part of a state legislation bill.  I knew indian farmers were screwed by them when I voted, but didn't realize it was this bad.
Main reason why it is not good is that private companiea or firms will exploit farmers and govt should find solution or pass resolution against exploitation
The Indian media is controlled by big corporates who are the ultimate beneficiaries of these farm bills. If anyone speaks out against the government policies, they are termed anti national and the police arrests them on a sedition charge. The colonial British government enacted numerous laws to keep the Indian public frightened and under their control. Now the so called democratically elected governments use these same colonial laws to suppress the citizens. Then what is the point of being an independent nation.
Why nobody asks what is wrong with the laws, just becoz farmers are protesting doesn't make them right. Most of our youth are just influenced by social media instead of reading the laws themselves.
Black day for India and entire agricultural industry. To make inroads in Punjab and save their crown Haryana, they have derailed the growth of their country, i will never ever vote for them, i will vote for NOTA.
this is really not good for farmers, already small farmers r facing lots of difficulties  and low profit because of the mandi mafia  which is control by
Some of the burger,s boys were just so ignorant about the situation and if we just see the demands of the farmers and the behavior of the government tackling the situation in a doubtful manner talking and at the same time propagating confusion in farmers, I think farmers are right and they must block each and every road unless the government listens to their demands
All you said is right i believe, but we need to look at a fact that MSP cannot be guaranteed, if guaranteed forcefully and suppose a crop does not meet standard of a company then no one will buy the crop resulting in total loss to the farmer who had produced that lower quality crop and crop quality is not always in hand of a farmer.
You are True!! You explained it so nicely that now I am clear of Pros and Cons.. Very Well Done Job on Explaining the Farm Bill.. Thanks for the Info.
Shame on india and on india government.....for  making these  laws..   and also on fake india channels..who do not have humanity....to show true rather than they r showing live for modi...and showing farmers as attwadi..
Congratulations to all my farmer friends. In the end we won.
14. Coming back to the brokers/ middlemen, they do not want the farmers to sell their produce elsewhere, but them
what if I tell you that even the opposition serve the 1%er and put out such stunts so that bills are passed immediately and no one can held them responsible. 
Dont understand why only Panjab state farmers doing these kind of protest  when 34 other state farmers does not have any problem with the new laws?
Just go with India progress. Dont go with wrong politicians. Go with right people go with Modi Ji
Farmers across india ?
Punjabi farmers think that they are only farmers in whole India.  international or NRI Punjabi are in threat of new laws because Indians Punjabi send agricultural income back to US , UK, etc countries. also,  western countries can do private and contract farming but Indian government cannot invite private and raise income of farmers.
6. These laws envision farmers as small scale businesses (contractors) but they are not. They cant pass through GST to buyers, they are not given same legal recourse, no negotiation power with them as a business, its almost the opposite they have been hamstrung with worst aspects of both being a business and a farmer of olden days. 
Mainly mediators grabbing the benefits by storing the agri items and selling in peek time, if government really thinking for farmers welfare why govt not providing perfect storage capacity to farmers.
Actually we live in cities and we don't know the efforts taken in the field by farmer when i was small my grandfather use to do farming and i have seen how much work is there and the income is almost nothing in terms of investing time
It's a decision taken FOR THE MOST IMPORTANT PEOPLE OF OUR COUNTRY; WHY WOULD IT BE BAD.... My father himself is a farmer but doesn't support this protest due to various valid reasons... But media houses like you & many others (EX. BBC) don't even read the documents or bills & rather oppress your opinions.... I had a massive respect for Greta (rather than Rihanna) before she tweeted about it & even the toolkit without knowing the agenda behind it...
Punjab election se ankhe khuli hain.
I'm from Delhi but belongs to Haryana from a farmer's background.
I like that you also include English subtitles which is important to raise the voice of farmers to whole world....
You must have mentioned how many states in india  operates under msp regime although msp is same throughout the country.We respect our farmer brother and sister but you need to have thorough understanding of the issue.
Modiji after UP election.. no no no guys " it was prank, see there is camera say hi "
In solidarity with Indian farmers 
They say bills are in favor of farmers. ....
These 37 minutes , i feel like i was their with farmers in real
My heartly condolence to farmers
-1:27Contractor can place in APMC at state level or district level
Our Guru Nanakji was born and took his last breathe in now Pakistan....so Khalistan should be in Pakistan and as seen Pakistan is so happy to support....so it would be easy to change Pakistan's name as Khalistan.....let start this campaign...that Pakistan is Khalistan...
Now, you are condemning India's farmers protesters as violent?  Modi has not listened or agreed to any demands.  Have you seen the barricades and violent tactics the police is using?
As the first impact of the farm laws, Reliance Retail sealed rice deal with Karnataka state farmers, and paid them above MSP price, offering Rs 1,950 per quintal of Sona Masoori rice, which is Rs 82 more than the minimum support price (MSP). This is good news for farmers and shows the new farm laws are in the benefit of the farmers.
Looks like 1 kicks farmer's ass and 3 kicks consumer's ass, but the companies are winners in all 3 bills. Was that by design?
Is current MSP in India is as per global standards?
I support these farm protests. Government must listen.
I have read the ordinances. Farmers can't go to court in case of a dispute with corporates. Corporates can buy crops without tax and without obligation of MSP. Shame on Indian Government for doing this to farmers!
Kudos Farmers. Kudos Democracy. Kudos Central Government for rolling back law gracefully.
This video is evidence, each farmer is far more educated than all members of BJP combined.
Farmers are not against this bill , they want MSP for PVT companies too. These are the same bills that were passed in Bihar and UP, and all the farmers over there have lost almost everything so that's why few of them have moved to Punjab and now punjab will become the next to join the list
With references to (wrt): Pt 4. (4) and 7. (1) Chapter 2 , 16. And 22. (Power of centre govt to make rules) of chapter 4 of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
Great explanation. But please read the bills carefully, you don't find "must" anywhere and you will find "may" in every sentence. That will affect the farmers a lot.
A win for the farmers and defeat for those who called them 'Khalistani'..respect to ALL the martyrs who gave their lives during last year. Hats off to all of you brave men and women. You have defeated the biggest challenge to India's democracy - RSS and BJP
India is too emotional of a country to progress. East Asia was willing to knuckle down and absorb pain for advancement. Indians feel entitled to everything. These farmers believe government must guarantee them a livelihood. Its a terrible message to show that protest will lead to results. Violent Protest must be crushed. Incentives matter. Yet India only rewards bad behaviour. Mughals can knock down temples while Hindus cannot attain it back through democratic process. But CAA gets stopped by protest. 
Kick this BJP govt out of India next time.
Sadly Trevor you haven't even read the Farm Laws, get your facts straight. The law doesn't say that you only have to sell the crop to corporates, it actually gives the Farmer the right to sell his crop to whoever gives the best price. 
Remember Nirbhaya protests in 2013 in Delhi before parliament and sonia gandhi house. The protests just cooled down in 2 days. Delhi jantar mantar protests of anti corruption bill by anna hazare. How it went silently and finished. Now see this. This protest is completely dubious undoubtedly. No matter how lofty jingoism you might defend it with farmer sentiments.
Lets assume  onlinr services jiomart and others take the supply of farm products to us, and again Internet users in India are only 40% of total population. Again we're doing the same mistake, for convenience of  few percentage of people living in the Cityendangering the livelihood of the majority of the rural population of India that forms the backbone of the country.
Anyone who wants to learn about the farm bills watch this video instead: https://youtu.be/Mist4zw3e3I
Modi is a visionary leader. Anti India's will oppose him. We love  modi.
Farmers ki problem simple hai, wo educated nahi hai, unke pass modern agriculture practices nhi pata, Sarkar APMC mandi ko better krna chahiye aur cost and price ek profitable margin dena chahiye.
sikhs have always been about dat action! hope the farmers get what they want 
I like the idea of organic farming but when you look at wheat and rice you have a staple that can be stored dry for months in a warehouse. Those fruits are nice when ripe but there are a lot of people to feed in India - almost 1.4 billion. In 2021 the fertility rate hit 2.1 and falling so maybe they are turning a corner to where they can consider new farming methods.
Zee, Republic & other Godi media workers should do their internship in scoop whoop.. Maybe they'll learn something.. like not selling out!
Yeah....  The only solution I feel for farmers is their unity
And 700 farmers died for lack of sympathy by this PM
Election aaney waley hai Punjab, haryana, up, mein petrol price bhi toh kuch kaam kar diye.
By Far Best Video On Farm Bills  Thank You Bhai.
More power to farmers.... Shame on Modi n modia
Ravish kumar singlehandedly makes me believe on the zenith of Indian character!! Wish we had you in Pakistan!
Greatest living Punjabi/ Greatest living Indian is Manmohan Sir.
This protest is not only about farmers. You must consider the politics behind it. Farmers from 2-3 states are protesting and you people are ignoring other farmers from rest of the part of India which is a major portion.
MSP or minimum support price is offer by goverment of india to farmers for selected crops. Government procure these crops for public distribution system which supply essential to poorest of poor for about 1 Rupee! Only about 6% of the crops sold in Mandis are procured at MSP. GOI tries to compensate farmers fairly by taking the burden to compensate farmers above the market price and at the same time feed poorest atmost free of cost. This system is not from today. It is there for years.
I m feeling proud that i m the daughter of farmer  congrats to all the farmers ..
4. Ensuring farmers get seeds and credit facilities.
MSP stands for minimum support price...i think...
Help the farmers...
Sachi baat  ....if any party exist in India to demolish it's property then I think that party is CONGRESS  ....
Thanks brother... Everyone who is watching we are only farmers ,no religion no Khalistan no terrorist we are indian and we are famers.
As usual majority don't understand why or what it's meant for. Economists have already stated it's going to benefit millions of other farmers. Farming is not just done in Punjab, it's done all over the country and there are no major country stalling protests in India.In the long run it willl be beneficial, JAI HIND!
Why you show in your interviews that farmers are misleading...
Our farmers are the strongest farmers in the world 
Bhakts called anyone who rejected the laws as terrorists or khalistanis or Pakistan sympathizers. Now that modiji himself rejected them, what will they name him?
it is unfortunte the opposition parties are acting against the interest of small farmers and are supporting rich crooked farmers and middlemen, who are farmers by name but actually zaminders
My prayers and Sympathies for Punjabi Brother. #StandWithFarmers from Pakistan.
This happens when the ministers r more illiterate than farmers
Why farmers protested,
The government needs to help farmers share mulching machines thru farm co operatives. 
sir this video provides me a clear view of Farm bills.... everyone has to go through your class... including Farmers and Politicians.....   Don't know why this bill is going to withdraw by Govt..
The moron who's talking about modi killing the democracy is from TMC a regional party in india.. they rule one state.. west Bengal he should be the last one to talk about it. 
Farmers come first.
Lets see the real thing goverment cannot really buy all the farmers produce at a literally profitable price private sectors will pay more and they'll always have a backup as msp.
But at the end I'm truly happy for my farmers.
Withdrawal of the 3 farmers amendment act is not lose to the Bhagawan Shri Modi Ji and his Government. But it is that all most all loses to the  small or big farmers of India.  Dark souls given disturbance to the Government of India by the name of true saints farmers market.
Elections are coming ... a long Dark winter for bjp ..you know nothing Mo Mo....
This looks like he was beaten up and forced to give some name of a congress MP, so as to avoid bjp names.
And the right person deserves to comment on this is only the one who has read the kisan bill and found the difference which was not there early but missed out in this also, should be protested to incorporate in this. Instead of eliminating the overall.
Chacha bookish economy aur farming ke field m bht farq hota hai .khash krke farmer exploitation ko rokne ke liye 
India have 29 sates, why only 1 state that is Punjab responsible for more than 95% former's protests, why not other states former's protesting ? that is because in Panjab Congress Party in power, BJP passed frames laws 90% proposed by congress leaders in last 70 years, here protesters are not exactly farmers, protesters are politically motivated & paid activists
It is defeated of all indian people. So all over India protest to return farm Bill.
New bill il msp ondallooo
Maximum Mandi, innovation on agriculture, protection to Farmers, Education for Farmers, Business Education for Farmers... Lots many things... Government need to think to WORK ON GLOBAL STANDARDS. 
i used to like kangana but now i despise her attitude. i used to think she will always be at the side of truth but now i realized she is just another political cadet who uses peoples emotions to her own benefit. if you cannot respect farmers then u dont deserve a single grain produced by the farmers. if you have no respect towards your teacher and your farmer ,you are far heinous than hyena.
where have you been when tamilnadu farmers protested... !!!
Sir, it's not entire country of farmers having this issue ....it is just one state Punjab...it's because the brokers who deal with farmers will lose jobs not the farmers ..... Brokers across the world already looting money not just in india it's America also....
So what are the main tenets of farmers protest?
Farmers right should be protected by any costs. If they are deprived of their rights, the whole country will suffer domino effect.
Farmers..... You Guys Did It ... salute to your long long awaited victory ....
These laws was taken back not because that gov. take care of farmer...  U understand what i say 
Thats right !!! Out here from Delano, California God bless yall.  we are farmers too !! & our country our state should see you as a example of a brighter future! India has strength !! . Best of luck and love 
Common people will suffer more than the farmers...
Corporate will dictate farmers.
Farmers won ? No . We should say Democracy Won.
Price is fixing by mediators / brockers
One of the most important aspects of agricultural bills, which needs to be highlighted, may not be fully addressed. With these bills the farmer will be ruined and next time it is up to the consumer. Essential food items like flour, rice, oil, fruits, vegetables, sugar, molasses will be monopolized by the corporate instead of the government, they will be allowed to stock everything under these laws as your kitchen items are now out of essentials Have done.
I stand with the farmers.
Farmers victory. But should be cancelled in the Parliament too.
Then why did imf chief economist support the farm laws???
Yes, farmers committing suicide out of financial duress is a huge problem. But those statistics are not a product of the farm bill...they are the problem the farm bill seeks to remedy. Out of the entire video the only criticism toward the farm bill is that farmers think it will give corporations too much power, and take power away from the local (INC) government.
One good thing out of this farm protests is Govt forced the "Left + NRI + Others" to spend money to continue this agitation and made their pockets leaner.  The financial strength of this eco-structure was made weaker.  If BJP totally gives up on farm reforms, then it will hurt it badly. Modi is no quitter. First attempt (surprising & forced farm laws) failed. Waiting for the second attempt by Modi.
What happened before to farmers they will forget
But since when did you start caring about farmers of other countries
So sad to see our farmers has to come on the road to protest instead they should get a big reward, with out them the world doesn't exist, they do there hard work to provide the whole world...long live farmers shame on u government of India
Poor farmers....... Still they are targeted,
There is no discussion with farmers when bjp passed agricultural law in parliment ,
These 3 bills are waste.. Remove it...I am with farmers
No farmer no food 
Then why did Sadhguru said , It will be economically beneficial for the farmers ? Actually, I have not yet found him wrong at anything .
Vice doesn't know the difference btw a indian and a khalistani
Dalals are protesting and not the farmers
Even my food has less variety than theirs. Clearly well funded by someone else. No one question who paid how. A biased documentary well directed to play with Indian emotions. No religion is above other, even they demand and some still demand Khalistan
@Dhruv Rathee.. i think you should post a video on current situation after government consideration and meetings with Farmers.
Question: How will the farmers know if there is not much demand for the crop they are producing if the minimum price is artificially set still .. Won't this produce misallocation of foodgrains i.e. more of it where it is not needed ?? And wasted labour that could have went into production of something that has actual demand???
in India,about 60% are farmers, that is a 700-800 million people, in US, the number is about 2 million, 350-400 times difference. but US can provide enough grain to world market to compete with India's grain, with the same price, if we use $2000 a year (average income in India) assume India farmers can make that much by selling their products,  American farmers, let say not 350-400 times difference, but only 100 times difference, American farmers can earn $200,000  a year.  US farmers got lots of benefit from government, such as gasoline price, when US gas was $1.50 per gallon (4 liters),  price for farmers was $0.25 per gallon, that is 18 rupee per gallon or 4.25 rupee per liter. Can Indian farmers get that price for gasoline?? Gasoline in India now is 102 rupee per liter.
Freind's , if u had seen P.M Modi Ji 's speech on this law &d
People from maharashtra still not aware that this is implemented in Maharashtra since 2016 no news channels shown this news at that time.and that's why there is no protest against the bill in Maharashtra 
Thank God government  is implementing such laws as they are really helping farmers at the ground level and its sad that so many people can't see it
In future this bill not only affect farmers but middle class and lower class people also......then only private companies will have power to decide the prize
Can we expect protests from farmers in favor of farm laws .
The legal agreements also limit the farmers recourse to courts they are limited the the local SDMs who we already know can easily be bribed or suppressed by large private corporations.
Narendra Modi is A Super Prime Minister OF INDIA 
_Not All Heroes Wear Capes... Salute to the unsung heroes of this nation_ *The farmers and Camera Person Parth*
Smallholder farmers, who grow the food that keeps us alive, are some of the poorest people in the world. How can this be just? We stand with you.
They are not farmer they are Goons .
Its wrost decisions  of modi.those people make india Venezuela  and Zimbabwe  with help of Congress  and khalistani supporter.its same
5. As in india farmers are mostly illiterate they will not be able to handle contracts involved in contract farming.
The brother from Bihar was spot on, Bihar has no mundi system and they run to Punjab for work despite having farms in Bihar
I'm glad to here under old APMC act if a farmer denies to sell his product in market yard and not paying market sez is a punishable is it what you are trying to put the farmers into dont u want farmers to choose to sell to whom they want
Wheat grains are bought very cheap from the farmer and after only grinding  , the flour is sold at ten times the initial  price .
Zee news to pehle hi BJP ka channel hai
If farmers think this bill is not good for their future, so drop it because you are passing it for the vantage of farmers.
Sikhs its time for Khalistan the Hindus cant stop you as only you fight and defend India Hindus historically only send there mothers and daughters to the beds of Muslims rulers who ruled for over 1,000 years then the British its time for Khalistan
Vice, farm laws weren't about MSP. The introduction in this video is completely misleading.
HI Bro,   I would like to  mention some of the points that you have missed in this wonderful talk.   1.  SURPLUS STOCK OF WHEAT AND RISE ,  which is one of the biggest problem we are facing now    2. FCI  has about 60.48 million tones of wheat, amongwhich 22 percentage is way above from the required buffer stock... Due to this  huge amount of cereals are being wasted every year..  3. In 2018 We have imported 2.8 million tonne of Palm oil from Malaysia, and it is 4.4 in 2019  ... This is around 15 billion dollars .  This Edible oil can be easily produced in India if the govt create a diversification in farming sector.  And this is the basic reason why the govt  is taking initiative now .... 4.   By implementing this bill,   soon or later a big diversification on farming is going toHappen...Thanks...
Pls bring out the truth farmers are protesting peacefully from last 6 months police beating them and upto 100 farmers died
1) The farmers had moved towards a more liberal & flexible system.  Now, farmers can sell their produces outside  regulated markets which exist parallel  to govt run APMC (Agriculture Produce markets/mandis).  This will provide additional marketing channel for the farmers ie more choice.
5. What are the positives observed in Bihar if the policy is already implemented there? Do the farmers their satisfied without the APMCs?
4. whatever Taxes you have mentioned are not payed by the famers , they are for levied on procurer. Farmers only have to bear the labour cost. so please correct it. 
Kishan nahi congress paresan he.
No corporates can store all the foodcrops in a state. So far i know there is a law for that. But now farmers are excluded. Before police will not allow farmers to stock, or even they cannot take their products to other states.
Congress should also fight against sale of national assets to corporates and implement nehruvian idelogy with necessary modifications to suit the  present requirements. Rahulji is indeed trying to revive nehruvisn idelogy. The so called G23 leaders may concentrate on this point
Dear protesting farmer/brother, don't believe on words only
The laws improve the situation. You did not tell what the farmers did in the capital removed the Indian flag from the capital and threw it away. The protest has become political and rumours are spread about MSP which the government has promised won't be removed. Khalistan is leading this protest with a completely different motive I wish you had done more research before making this video.
I think the problem could've been easily solved if the farmers were willing to talk on a point-to-point basis, and didn't directly demand the total deletion of these bills.
3. Farmer is at the mercy of these middlemen to purchase his produce. Basically exploitation of farmers happen.
Seems these laws will help farmers to get richer.
Sadly farmers are fooled into believing that they should oppose this laws while in reality these are the same laws which will benefit them in long run.
Big basket, Grofers, Jio mart, big baazar, More, star baazar walmart, amazon etc buy from farmers and sell in their store directly which will only benefit them in the long run.
I thinks it bit difficult. For example, my family is from bihar which is one of the poorest state in India, these new farm laws can literally make our annual income from crops twice. Like right now my family is cultivating cauliflower and if these farm laws were in place, we would earn almost 5-6 times on this crop itself but if u r a rich farmer or from a rich state like Punjab or haryana then yeah these laws can decrease ur income and security quite a lot. In simpler terms these laws giver poor states more opportunity and money, and all that money and opportunity is being taken from rich states like punjab and harayan. Thats why farmers of these states are they only one protesting it. In a way its kinda like socialism
We Love and Respect Modiji
Should record in Guinness Book of World records of this farmers agitation 
Now you guys know who is a terrorist? This video shows the true Khalistan where pure people live regardless of their religion.
If the protection is concrete and gives absolute protection to favor the farmers then I will be very happy, because anyway the companies will have to do their trade and balance, so if they are into small trading business they will have to get through for survival in the market, this is where the very big companies like Reliance/Wallmart come because they could beat any market including mandi, because he could be initially buying the goods at the best price to keep the monopoly and crash all the big players to dept and then sell and buy the produce at the price he wishes later on to the future. 
Chori Shippe(2:29:00) ki kya baat kr rahe sir .... khuleaaam ,shareaam, rice wheat k ilawa hrr fasl pr private player msp se kmm price deta h.....   jis fasl ko sarkar procure nhi krti uss fasl k ik ik daane pr private msp se km price deta h 
I think, This is my first comment in youtube. Wow!!! Just Wow!!!! . I am blown away watching this incredible explanation about Farm Bills. All Farmers and concerned citizens of India should watch this. Dil se bahut bahut bahut Shukriyaa !!!
That standardization has led  to a consumer who avoids anything exotic. Cost of food has driven the consumer to the cheaper unhealthy food and there is very little choice. When the economic war  against China was in full force, China  cancelled soybean imports  dealing a body blow to  the Midwest farmer. Those farmers had bumper crops planted for China's consumption, not for local consumption. When prices drop farmers destroy their crops than sell at a loss.   China has shifted imports of staples from America to Brazil and the farmer goes bankrupt. Agra business moves in and buys these massive farms 
Please Support Farmers 
Modi ji should bring back the laws,no matter what.Small farmers will be benefitted.
Farmers were given permission to conduct tractor parade on republic day and on contrary police blocked the entrance of rally, farmers removed the block. This cannot be called as violent protest, this is resistance. Police provoked farmers intentionally by blocking their entrance.
You know . It's the middle men who are up in arms from the 2 richest states in farming. While the farmers from the rest of the country are very much in support of the new laws, as they can get better prices for their produce.
Because of few khalistani majority farmers who supported the bill will suffer.victory for Dallas.
After killing 600 farmers he is sorry 
Farmers should join the police. Problem solved.. 
We should through bjp from india
I salute these farmers for their clarity, determination, dedication, unity during these difficult times.
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany  . These big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne.
Please guys support farmers. They're really working Hard for our country
Protest for farmers it's a my humble request to all people
 1) Even though the corporates can have contracts with farmers but at the same time, farmers have the choice to either sell it to the company or to market as per their profitability. 
One thing you forgot to mentioned,  according to the first law, in case of dispute in the contact, farmers can't go any if the Courts for a resolution. They can only bring the issue till DC. Imagine farmers taking a case against Reliance or Birla to DC for resolution. Who will win? Exploitation could be at mass level.
First of all Thank You for the awareness that you are spreading regarding this matter. Farmers are just fighting for their rights ... They should get Justice. Jai Jawaan, Jai Kisaan 
I want to ask why government is allow to control the price of wheat and rice.why are farmer not allow to control the price?
The decision of taking back farm laws cannot be judged in a single day or month u must give time to see how things now developed for farmers, just like partition which maybe treated  as a fruitful decision during that time but now we all understand how dangerous the decision was for now and for coming years also.
These punjabi mandis  worry that they will loose their fees of 8.5% cess if movement of goods allowed between districts and out of state. Because farmers group  will sell goods in out of state mandi if he get more money and less cess charge.
Observation: do you think these laws are for farmers, they are for hecking buissnesmen ,farmers  don't need to sell crops to corporates which will give them less price with loss, they want to sell in mandis with msp(minimum supporting price)(which was cancelled in this law), CORPORATES NEED TO BUY CROPS TO SELL ON HIGHER PRICES,they noticed that meanwhile in corona outbreak(which I don't think exists but that's a huge talk right their so...no)all the departments went in loss but farming department did not went in loss at all, but if they wanted to buy crops from farmers directly ( they can't cause of previous laws) and if they buy from mandis , TAXSSS 6% fucking tax , so yeah the new laws allows them to buy from farmers directly, if you are being over smart and thinking ,( your point of view)(pronounce in fat voice)yeah bruh but farmers can also sell in mandi if they don't want to sell to corporates???,(me) yes but, corporates will give high prices for first 2-3 years and give greed to farmers to sell to them but THEN, mandis will fail because nobody will sell to them,and the  CORPORATES WILL RISE LOWER CROPS PRICES BECAUSE THEIR WILL BE NO OPTION FOR FARMERS TO SELL TO ANOTHER PEOPLE , THEN FARMING FAILS , PEOPLE SELL THEIR LANDS TO CORPORATES ,AND THE THE PRICE OF CROPS RISES , CORPORATES WILL GAIN PROFIT ,( long term games bro),2. Farmers need to store crops???, They grow them and sell , they don't need to store them huhh???,. BUT CORPORATES DOES NEED TO STORE( BET YOU DIDN'T KNEW ABOUT THAT, DID YOU??)they store and sell, I live in punjab and I noticed that many basement type building are being built on highway's sideways( think...)3.they cant even complain. 
Government can regulate hording/ stock - Stock limit: The Ordinance requires that imposition of any stock limit on agricultural produce must be based on price rise.  A stock limit may be imposed only if there is: (i) a 100% increase in retail price of horticultural produce; and (ii) a 50% increase in the retail price of non-perishable agricultural food items.   The increase will be calculated over the price prevailing immediately preceding twelve months, or the average retail price of the last five years, whichever is lower.
UP and Punjab elections effect. 
There is no sense of msp( minimum support price) unless there is a mqs(minimum quality standard)
Instead of "Gareebi mitao" Modi jii is using the ideology of "Gareeb hatao".
I'm with farmers, they feed us
The Indian govt tried to solve this problem with the new farm bills. But the farmers of Punjab led a huge protest against them so it was beaten down.
If farmers not need MSP act so way government give him. 
If the approach to farming is so bad then why does it only fail like this in India...
Reality is that 90% small farmers who couldn't afford leaving their fields in any season would suffer loss while the 10% who got foreign funding ,  had to gain political milage and wanted to create chaos to show their domninance would be benefited.
Finally farmers  
This is an inspirational story. I wish those farmers the best.
Love And Respect for Punjab, haryana and UP 
Someone saying To use" cowdung as fertilizer"..Even a teenager in a farmer family know that...
The only con which I can see is - Farmers generally rotate the crops to keep the soil fertile. but if the price for a certain crop is lucrative then farmers may repeatedly go for the same crop which can damage the soil in long run.
Real farmers only look to sell of their products on fair price to the effort they put
The basic system should remain I have no high hopes from privatization because it is money driven the government needs to be involved to tell farmers what is best to grow ( anticipate demand based on data from past and future trends and amount of current stocks ) then a monitoring system that traces journey of a product from seed to plantation to transport to local wholesale market to sellers and to kitchen and identify problems and glitches. a procurement and compensation system incase bad weather to compensate farmers and purchase commodity overseas or different area or dip into storehouses.
Hello people of India be alert who doesn't fall BJP rule you all also have to face same problem not only Muslims.
The best video on youtube to understand farm bills and farmer protest all together... 
what if. Lok sabha is dissolved for election and if china open war against us then can our president give his permission for war without Council of minister???
Indian agriculture sector needs reforms since the old laws are failing to help farmers in current times as evident from the charts described in your documentary. Currently, the state has a monopoly over purchasing farmers produce, leading to rampant corruption in the system deteriorating farmers condition even more. Farmers can not sell their produce outside the designated mandis, denying them freedom to trade. While the 21st century is all about market driven economy, the farmers in India are still grappling with archaic license raj system which must go now.   
Wouldve been betta if u wouldve added the promises he made to farmers when he stood for election and the whole concept him promising every citizens in the country that they will get lakhs deposited in their account if he gets elected.
Support farmers they are innocents  people  and  its totally  planned by government of india
I have only one question why farmers won't discuss on the reform amendment rather recall of the laws, I'm surprised someone doesn't wants the solution and so it shall go on as a political agenda.
Khalistan Khalistan and Khalistan alone is the only solution to protect Sikhism and Churhda Punjab.
You people got the tender to talk about pakistan or sushant.. why you guys are taking interest in farmers.. please do your real job
For Bill 2: Contract farming has been prevailing for long time in India now right. So what is the difference this bill is introducing?
FYI only Punjab farmers are not farmers, I also come from farm family , rest of the farmers in the country doesn't give a damm whats happening they are  struggling in there farms fr their livelihood, like my family . And the sources say ,farmers from Punjab and Haryana are one of the richest in the country thats when they can afford to sit on protest for months together since they don't care about there bread and butter. Only thing for protest is MSP minimum support price that govt procures wheat and other things from Punjab which is fixed no matter what the market price ,govt has to purchase the specified quantity even it is rotting  in the  storages . But these farmers will get benefited .What about the farmers ,who grow sugercane ,cotton ,Turmaric ,Maize Rice ,Millets . Farmers from Punjab also have to understand inpiste govt assured  them its not going to revoke MSP . They just wanted to carry a rally on 26th .Who is benefited by it no one . It's very easy to publish something but please as news channels be responsible and get the right news to the people . Most of the hevocs created based on the mis representation only . And at last we have our elected governments and courts who will decide good and bad in Democracy!  If people were to decide on their own then what's the use of elections and government. Its an absolute anarchy yesterday was one of such example . There will not be somebody from sky going to come and make the things right, its us ,who will vote ,who choose ,its better to make ourselves right then society ll automatically change.
Except haryana and Punjab no other state is peotesting
Dar. Gaye the. Up. Se. Sarkaar. Jane. Wali. Modi.
I am from punjab.. Many people of my village are sitting there... Thanku so much sir for covering them... Shame on godi media...
If farmers cannot save crops!... Why can't they directly sell crops to people Directly!!..
Media is busy to show us kegna s security and they don't know farmers are really facing a big problem  
Big salute to all the farmers
It was waiting time of UP election ,major state producing country 's Heads. As such the withdrawal of the krishi bill !    ,            !!
This is the golden day when the most arrogant authoritarian cunning ruler has been bought to his knees by the democratic nonviolent agitation of Indian farmers.
No farmers no food 
*No Farmers, No Foods* 
2) Farmers need freedom to sell their crops without the interference of mandis or any other middlemen.
WITH MSP helps FARMER IS GETTING ATLEAST minimum amount. In mandis when we check moisture of anyones crop 99.9% are over the limit. but we accept because of MSP. if you want to know more you please come in mandis in punjab. you will definately understand and make a video after that  while seeing ground reality.
In Haryana its 1950, in UP its 2200-2300, but a consumer pays 4500-4800 per quintal (i.e. per 100kg), but the new laws do not promise MSP, please read all three laws. Its my request to all before commenting on anything, these laws are very easily downloadable from google. please read them and then everybody whose read will come to know that Farmers are right as just talking about 2 most important clauses, hoarding and black marketing of cereals, pulses, potato, onion are no longer unlawful(Acc. to ), and farmers cant file a case in court if their payment is not made [Acc. to ].
The government had failed to discuss these laws with stakeholders to start with. Now the big farmers and middlemen have won. A regressive outcome.
When is the new video of the farmer's protest coming?
Respect to all farmers who fought and won against the dictatorship and atrocities of modi 
Apart from 2 states, Punjab and Haryana, no other state with farmers are protesting. Ofcourse when status quo is changed, people will be upset.  There is real lack of understanding what is beneficial as a country and its all about self preservation - not wrong but you won't get that in this video
While MSP and competition are indeed very good ways to reign in the market giants from committing monopoly. We need more than that since they'll always find loopholes. But on a short-term basis it does solve alot of problems Farmers might have which is what they are aiming for. For example Reliance is giving people more and more warehouses to use, Contract farming is providing steady income, Middlemen are being cut off. 
It's not farmer's protest. It's APMC middlemen's protest.
Sir at one place you are saying that many farmer have insufficient resources to even transport their produce to mandi(s) and later in video u say they can sell it anywhere even in different states (ur example of farmer of Himachal selling in  Maharashtra ) 
There has been no dialogue between farmers and modi. Modi never went to meet the farmers who were run down by his own ministers son. So many farmers gave their life during his protest. Modi's always doing U turns and never fulfilling any promises he made. He is useless and only in his head is he a strong man. China is invading India and Modi can do nothing. He's a coward. This report is wrong! It's not emotional at all. Farmers are wise.
Druve rathi here i can see your one sided support.   You talked about only bad points of farmers bill not good..  15 min.  Ki video me b koi khas jankari de ni paye..  Bias h ye aadmi..  Modi govt. Ko critisies krna band kro har bat par.   Instead problem ka solution dekho.. And yes i agree farmers ka protest sahi h bilkul
Really happy for farmers 
I would suggest everyone to watch drishti ias video on farm bill. It's a detailed analysis of about 3 hours. Stop watching random political party videos.
26. The new laws gives the freedom to the Indian farmers to sell their produce to whomever they want, including private corporate organisations.
Big companies will stack deep and sell cheap pricing smaller farmers out of business and removing competition. Farming is the soul of any society. This govt is selling the nation's soul
You explained very well about the govt point, but where is the farmer's point of view on the bills. No discussion about that. Focus on that.
Very informative and educative video.  The presenter is very clear in understanding and expressing it to the viewers in the media.  As some one commented this video should be dubbed in several languages, especially Hindi, so that the farmers can directly relate to their problems and the solutions.  I am only hoping that the corruption and black money doesn't come in to play between the APMC and the farmers.  I hope the Govt. will consider all the loop holes and plug them before the bill becomes a legal way for the supply chain. It is not clear from the video whether the farmer's protest to enforce the MSP (Minimum Support Price) by the Govt. is included in the bill.  Also it is so very difficult to establish the MSP for a particular product for the entire country since the labor in the farming will be so different between state to state.
Farmers peaceful agitation should be allowed,Govt should hear them and support their cause after all it is the peoples Government, please try to solve their problems, without any police force.
All Khalistani supporter....'they have sealed the the capital' lol...
You don't know Modi ji now in coming days such will be circumstances that farmer will come to Modi ji and ask for form bill 
Government is trying to make to make farmers trade their produce on high profits by opening all India market, but storage system doesn't exist where farmers can store their produce at low cost. Gov must work on storage system for farmers first. These laws are in favor of farmers when we are able to trade our produce using Information technology system online, many startups already making fortune in name or organic farms, but farmers are not getting full benefit out of this. Right now APMC with MSP along with these laws must be in place so that all type of farmers can benefit.
I support diljit and farmers
Good move. If the rest of the farmers which are majority and are in need of the same should stop remaining silent and start speaking
It is easy to say SORRY  but what to  700 farmers who lost their lives
So much of surplus yet we rank 94th out of 107 countries on global hunger index! Before coming up with any bills there v should have been adequate discussion with Farmer groups to know their want instead of forcing opinion of those sitting in AC rooms with their bellies never knowing hunger,
Very well explained! Good to hear the perspectives of Devendra Sharma ji. Lets show our support to the farmers who are the backbone of our nations economy! Jai Kisan! 
Guidelines price assurance and farm services Act, 2020 .pdf
They have lost 70 kisans. This BJP govt is busy in elections in Bengal.  Hardly the ministers are not interested in solving the problems. PM should reach to them immediately. Jai jawan jai kisan. 
Cribs about how law changes are good in theory. Then explains APMC and MSP works in theory, not practice.
As spectator of this whole farmer's law episode, I have become fan of Mahatma Gandhi and those farmers, who showed immense strength in following their ideas. And can imagine how our ancestors fought for freedom.
Suppose main apne dost se 1 qunital wheat leta hu 2000 rs main but MSP around 1975 rs hai toh mujhe profit hai but agar mera dost mujhe 1900 dega toh mujhe loss hai par govt mandis ko abolish nahi kar rahi toh mujhe loss hoga toh main wapas mandi main jaake MSP Pe bhi toh sell kar sakta hu?
1. Laws do not mention anything about msp being discontinued. APMC and msp will exist along with new avenues for selling crops.
But in Europe Walmart direct buys a crop from farmer without middlemen in-spite of this govt had to pay huge subsidy to farmers So that farmer can make up for the loss. Apmc act needs a strong reforms so that monopoly and exploitation could eliminate.
sardaraan wangu koi na lad skta inne pressure vich lihaaz aur tameez se gal krna bohot mushkil honda hai ..(i dont know punjabi that well but my heart is punjabi..correct me if i m wrong)...you all are not alone ...its not just sikh community...its true indian community...we r proud of our farmers...we supports u...bharat ke bachhe bhudhe jawaan sab aapke saath hai...FARMERS ARE KING
It's mind-boggling how resistant the government to the farmers' demands. I thought India is the largest democracy in the world? Surely they want their votes?
Because if farmer sell it on higher price then seller can increase it after adding Expenses cost on it.
If an alien came to Earth how can we possibly explain to them that the farmers growing grain cant afford bread. That's just insane.
Let NIHANG out of farmer,s protest. They are supporter of Khalistan
Farmers should be given autonomy. Waise bhi election aa rahe hai. US mei bhi you bahut charcha hui hai farmers andolan ki, aur extermism ki
We really need more people around the globe to talk about this issue and stand with the farmers protest.. If the global leaders would put pressure on our incompetent government there is a chance of improvement of the conditions of all those poor farmers protesting..
There is no illegal to store to farmers. Its illegal only for merchants. And now doors are opening for merchants to store. Plz check once the fact.
This clearly looks like a deja vu, the same kind of a tractor rally by farmers happened in Germany and France one year ago.
Election season can do wonders for Indians but seems with not honest intent.
The entire video stands on the point that gov is very farmer friendly. 
beautifully described the farm bill full of suspense  and last ten minute all picture get clear about gobarment  as usual make fool to farmer thanks for your time Sir   
Sir information is good but it would have been very handy if the same has been explained by some real case studies from anywhere in the globe or even from india where contract farming would have been very successful for even very small farmers. Except for a few listed crop most of the crops are outside apmc - does it mean that farmers in poultry or milk or flowers or pulse or even vegetables have gained much in india. It would be very easy if all this is explained by real data from anywhere. Theory is good and it's explanation is very good but practical data and it's implementation in real terms would strengthen the theory. 
Now I understood the reason behind the protest... I feel sad for our most hard working farmers...
Sir please also tell me why many people among farmers wore bindrewale t-shirts and khalistani's chants and flags...and why a couple of people who done the act rather holding responsible your making responsible to whole bjp party... and the people's like you and priyanka Gandhi playing politics  and telling the people that the preventive detention is not right... I have argued with my friends on this one but did not gave them correct explanation
First  show correct indian map after  that you  talked about  Indian farm laws
Good way of delivering your out view....but never thinking about doing good to the farmers....did u give any solution about the problem....
Attack farmer livelihoods on behalf of corporate oligarchs and then wonder why farmer are angry.
Sir BBC has given space to farmers thank you
 He knows about all thing about our farm bill and know what impact can be seen in future
So at the end I will say that these protest are for protection of unequal Govt support scheme of which only less than 10% farmers get benefit. The new reforms are revolutionary & they will help grow India in double digits.
we are with the farmers, with the people.
If farmers are indebted, how can they afford to stay on protest for 6-12 months. You should have also included the possibility of middlemen organising these protests because obviously the most benefitted people from this sector are the middlemen. And what about the drawbacks of APMC and how these new laws address them.
We support the farmers.  say no to GMO's No robots. NO to BIG Tech. Love mother Earth!!!
The Modi-led BJP government took this step after the vote.
I am also a farmer. So sad
How a Farmer can carry gun with him. And still he is saying it is a silent protest
Finally they succeed..A big salute and thanks to all farmers who struggled alot to repeal farmer laws..this protest end up after one year..largest nd longest protest in human historyRIP all those farmers who lost their lives while struggling against these laws....i wish indian government will understand people to make their life better instead of ruining their life
Until I saw this video clarifying the Farm laws, I was totally confused as to what this ruckus is about. Thanks Amit uve put it in perspective. But the word selling for profit is not very apt. Can anyone SELL his/her product at less than or the same price at which they have bought ??? or spent to produce. Doesnt the Farmer/Producer add his margin and sell ?? Selling at extraordinarily high "MARGIN" is called profiteering, which the essential commodities act is supposed to control. But selling at a profit is what makes the business engine run, at every stage of its transfer of ownership.
Okay so i dont know much because i am a 15 year old kid studying in Class 10 but i can say this that such things should be made aware to the public and by this i not only mean through true news but also in school . We are taught these concepts in big schools but are never told the reality . I live in Punjab , have studied the Green revolution , know about policies like MSP but when i dig deep we realize that this is not even the reality . We need to be taught that. Specially to the younger generation because now they have a mindset to change things . In addition to that , repealing the laws may just be an election stunt as we have LOK SABHA elections coming up in February . Really thanks DHRUV sir for making such videos . I get tons of knowledge and urge to make a change . My goal is to go ahead , be an IAS officer and bring a change ... Also for all those who think that things done by farmers like protesting and all are just for fame or publicity  , we need to see the ground reality and talk about it . Thanks !
I stand and support farmers 
Supporters of BJP, understand one thing - Crowd has a lot of power, it can make a chaiwala PM but it can also put effective pressure to repeal the farm laws. That's how a democracy functions. Respect crowd, Respect Democracy.
Alhamdulillah I proud to be a Farmer and this my 700 Farmers sacrifice them thanks for my Farmers we had show to the world ourselves  I Salute to my sacrifice farmers. And they Family our relationship is in Jannath. Those who sacrifice they for Truth , for Humanity they are in jannath
Farms Bills Repeal 
Wait till the prices of foodgrain goes up , and see how the bjp funds every policeman to buy those foodgrains.
Actually the ones those are protesting are not farmers, they are middle man  called maandi,  they buy  crops from  farmers  with a very low price , and sell it to the  corporate with very high price , through new bill   now a days farmers can directly sell they're  crops to any one
Farmersvictory 
But Meanwhile BJP in Hyderabad election...... You get that...
India needs freedom once again from this corruption. And join us guys if you think farmers are fighting for all citizens of this country( they are really fighting) #justiceforsushant #ImmortalSushant #Revolution4SSR #I_stand_with_farmers #SupportFarmers #GovernmentVSFarmers #26JanuaryKisaanTractorRally 
Our farmers should be go and stand with new farming rules 
No farmers. No food.
The government is trying to decrease load and corruption. Maybe the corrupt people make farmers' life bad in the old system.
Har ek Insan ne farmer ko support karna chahiye.farmer hai to khana hai.we stand with farmer.
I come from India where PM withdraws his three farm laws in view of upcoming elections. .....
2. They are so many other people like opposition parties, khalistani etc., and they misguide the farmers.
I can't thanks enough to the international media for giving light to the condition of farmers. I just don't have any words to thank you guys enough. Just THANK YOU
8. Indiyaile most or th statesum  farmersinu orupad subsidi kodukunhund.. free water, electricity, fertilizers, seeds vare kodukunna states und, but still farmersinte situation better avunnilla..
Finally problem got solve very happy for farmers and who was involved in protest against this bill.
It is good u make  the videos but this is only one side of coin u should also make video on other side of coin also u know what i mean...............everyone is making videos on farmers what about government?
Why do you support BJP
It important for both parties to sit and close this matter, as then only collective good of our country be realised. Reforms are key building blocks which help in way forward. Thus farmers and govt should not lose this opportunity.
3) MSP in reality has become the Maximum selling price instead of Minimum. If the new law again adds guaranteed MSP, then it will be the same story repeated again, only this time it will be big corporation instead of Mandis controlling life of farmers.
Indian agriculture needs consolidation and innovation. The subsidy scheme supports a vast system of small family farms that is inefficient.  End of story.  The Green Revolution, pesticides, and fertilizers are all good things.
Very well explained and I hope the farmers learn about their rights to get maximum benefits from these bills
And today, three farm laws repealed. Disappointed.
None of them need to worry about our punjab and haryana , we are happy with what we have, work on your hell states like Bihar, UP , MP app ki states se logg punjab mn aa kar kam karte hai aur apne ghar money send karte hai save kar k so keep your stupid knowledge with you punjab dont need your ideas 
The farmers asking to repeal these laws completely isn't going to help the farming community in India. They should have asked for proper changes in areas of concern.
These famer leader were the same person who asked congress govt to pass the same bill but now that the BJP has done it they have to oppose it as they are one in power which they hate.
the harsh reality is that this video is not seen by the farmers  and also by so much less people on YouTube.
I condemn govt action on honest Farmers, shame on the govt.
u shd hv delved in details about the contract farming rules which the govt has put in to save the small farmer. why big corporations cannot take over the farmer land in case of breach of contract etc. , big corporations hv to pay fine in case they opt out of contract. farmer is protected. 
Support Indian farmers please 
Long Live Farmers...!!
If a common man of india can understand these cons of the bills, i don't understand why the GoI is sleeping
3. Farmers forced to grow crops according to global demands with imported GM seeds and fertilizers, while stopping indigenous crops and food varieties. And hence consuming more water, damaging soil / water and envoirnment.
I am an Indian and relative of a farmer from Indian state called tamilnadu. I really welcoming this bill. Previously we have to sell our farm products only to particular mandi in their demand of cost in the name of MSP that to at the price of slavery. The mandi's are controlled by more than 2 middle mans mostly by politicians or politicians right hands. And farmers are not allowed to sell our products or export to any other country. For example, if a farmer produce rice or any brinjal if my production cost is 600 he has to sell that to mandi at 600-700 and in retail market it will be costing 1200. This remaining amount will goes to middle man. Now no middle mans that farmer's will get more money and second this bill doesn't cancels any MSP.  Now farmer's will earn more money
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
Bilkul correct bill hai isse farmers ko hi achi pay milegi farmers samjhate kyu nhi
Imagine being at farmers position!
Everything was fine till bihar elections. As soon as they got over and diwali went which was used to gather hundreds of people to celebrate and come together. We are back to section 144. For the last whole one year, the govts have been imposing sction 144 wrongfully and faultily everywhere. Gosh, the citizens of the country were born in the world's largest democracy and we are not going to let india be run like china
For the ones who're misjudging it, the msp (Minimum Selling Price) still exists and the government has made sure that msf will remain in process
P Sainath | Farmers Protests | "Death by Committee" | Supreme Court Expert Panel  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-qCwqkFiB0
In 5:50 you speek about mandi cartel system and in 7:45 you are talking about farmers are getting MSP correctly there by opposing new laws..... What a contrast statement within 2 mins..... great brain washer
Shame on Indian police force instead of helping farmers they are trying to make them bow on their knees shame on you all indian army and police first I was feeling proud on my self that I am an Indian but now seeing this that Indian Army and Indian police is not helping farmers I am feeling shame on myself that I am an Indian really modi u r gone from sikh com
Those who are speaking against the farmers please tell single benefit of these 3 farm bills .
What if the government is not able to manage the crops purchased at MSP? What if they don't have enough storage or efficient supply chain. There is a lot of news that crops destroy in godowns in lack of adequate care and shelter. Govt may not be able to handle the surplus. Then why force the government to purchase at MSP. That's what the farmers are doing.
The protest began since many days demanding for revoking the farm laws which is seen as curse more than boon by protesting farmers. Many lakhs of farmers came together with their tractors as symbol of farmers and marched toward the capital. The intention of the protesters was to show that the revoking of farm laws is not the demand of few but of the majority who represented farmers of India.
Makes Bill without consulting with any farmer organization 
It is untrue that small farmer's will be affected (give the fact why) small farmer's actually will get better price than now why
Endurance and persistence from our farmers.......we should learn from our farmers....... Respect 
You know in currently farming law running from 70 years.. farmers are killings themself, they don't get price and they have no choice just to throw their produces on the road..
Any news about government withdrawing the criminal cases against farmer,secondly the rude behaviour of the Delhi police any action will be taken by the government
2. The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020
Of course farmers is Going to Win this Fight One Way or another
The law was against vested interest, not against farmers.
And one point from your video is wrong, farmers don't pay the tax in mandis but the adhtias (Middleman ) pays the tax .
Modi just pushed farmers back in the colonial era.....
Farmer is the food god (former is mother of country) in your india 
Most of the mandi under control of local politician we are getting a better price.:( I feel current laws new law is better than existing law
That's too farmers...
Common trevor !! Loved your show for facts and humor ! Just read farm law. For a minute you sounded like Trump support who believes whatever is fed to them by social media. International media has always downgraded Indian achievements. If these farm law are implemented it improves livelihood of small farmer and removes middlemen.
Mr Modi backing down like this is not good we needed uniform civil code, judiciary reform , new education policy but except article 370 and 35A nothing is implemented CAA rulebook is not ready it's not applied Uniform civil code is coming or not we don't know and new education policy is yet to be implemented this government is becoming more liberal than right wing just like Congress did
Its all about giving advantage to big pvt players and you know them. Shame mudi govt they didn't leave our farmers.
But we support three krisi bill
Save Kisaan. Save India. Save your family. Save your future
Why whole India has to bear the loss of farm laws for one single state. Farmers from rest of country Kerala Karnataka UP Bihar West Bengal Andhra Pradesh  *supports* the *farm laws* because it'd help them sell their crop directly to market but these *greedy punjab farmers* (actually they are more *buyer and seller* ) want continue to *loot farmers of whole country* .
Ithra nal regulated market undayirunnu but farmers aarum ambani ayyilla only traders and middle mans mathrame develop ayyittullu
The government and the famers should have watched this video. The farms laws were a progressive step,  leaving aside a few doubtful provision, But the government made its own work difficult by name calling the farmers. Had it treated them with respect, this issue would have been solved
Hum sabko is bhai ki soch rakhni chahiye  #isupportfarmers  
lol, Good work in making the video! Guess there certain points in the bill which definitely need amendment. Matches with the points raised by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSmwLboZ6JE It makes things a bit more clear why it needs amendment. There must be some MSP as a legal right whenever they are opening up markets. It's a very valid point to stop corporate monopoly. How much that MSP must be is debatable. It can be lower than current MSP. But There must be a 'Legal' 'Implemented' msp, otherwise there can definitely be a monopoly. Am always a supporter for this govt, but in this case, it needs to act quickly and resolve the matter soon instead of any delay... resulting in loss for votes
Farmers are truly logical u are in secular country not in dictatorship
Anonymous Official: "We're in a state, where slavery has been accepted, wholesale. And there are people who believe that the ruling class has the legitimate moral right to rule and other people are legitimately their slaves. This is really where we're at, in humanity, worldwide. And the vast majority of people have accepted that paradigm and what it is, it's a cult, religious belief, system, that is completely false, completely erroneous. There's not enough people speaking out, encourage that, that is a false paradigm and belief system. This is what the message that we have to put out there to this body of the population that still believes the mainstream media narrative and still believes the government narrative to believe in authority is to condone slavery. That is exactly what it is, stop sugarcoating it and start saying what it is, to other people. To believe in authority is to condone slavery if you are a believer in authority and you are a believer that there is moral legitimacy to government, you are someone who is saying "I believe in and condone slavery" because that is what the right to command and rule other people is, it is slavery and that is what government is on its face. And I will not sugarcoat that, that is what it is, I'm here to put that out there as the plain and simple truth and encourage others to do the same. There is no such thing as the right to rule or command others, we have to stop believing that there is, because to even believe it, is to condone slavery. And it's completely immoral and it's completely based on violence. So now what's happening is that the narrative of this master class is being said never to be questioned, it is not to be questioned by members of the slave class. This is what all this social shaming is all about, by the members of the cult. See, the cult members want to point fingers at other people who don't believe their worldview of authority, their authoritative, authoritarian worldview. You know, they want to say "Oh, shame on you" no, not shame on us, shame on you for accepting that slavery is morally legitimate, how about that? That's how the tables have to be turned, your worldview is false and illegitimate, morally on its face. And now, big tech companies, big tech corporations are trying to make it impossible to get the word, out, by censoring social media and censoring people and deplatforming them. And all that's gonna do is insight very, very dark days ahead, let's just say. It's already turning in that direction because of how people have been oppressed. And people don't understand what, it's a powder keg, it's not just a powder keg, here in America, folks, it's a powder keg, worldwide. And you better psychologically prepare yourself and I'm telling everybody out there too, because most people who say they're for the truth and for freedom, didn't do their work, they failed at their job. To morally educate the public, there is not enough of the voice of truth. The reality is spoken into existence, ladies and gentlemen, the universe has spoken into existence. What we experience in our daily reality, in the aggregate, in the collective, is based upon what people said, what people accepted into them, the information they took in and that is what informed their behavior. And now what the ruling class wants to do is try to make it impossible to get that word out there and they are going to ensure a violent outcome as a result of that. That's what I've been trying to prevent from day one and that is what I've been trying to tell my viewership and listenership that it is your personal responsibility through your actions to help prevent by teaching people, true morality. And unfortunately we're failing in that job collectively we are failing in that job and you're going to see the result of that failure in the physical world. These people believe that all alternative viewpoints of reality, perspectives of reality, are to be banned and banished and even possibly made, illegal. Okay, people who don't accept their worldview as it is put out there by the mainstream media and the government and other, "officials" or "experts", is not to be challenged and they are to have their rights stripped from them if they don't accept that worldview. Well, I don't accept your worldview. I believe my knowledge is far superior to yours and I'm not afraid to tell you that. The real reality of this is, is no one has the right to force a worldview upon others, we have the right to speak what the truth is. I can't ultimately force it on anybody, I could just show an ignorant person how they've been deceived, but just like I can't force my worldview on other people, no one can force their worldview on me or others. Because here's the truth of the matter, folks, government, media, and even scientists are not the arbiters of truth. Truth exists independently of any human being's perception of it. It is our goal to bring our perception into alignment with that, which is, namely the truth. And we have to do that through a rigid truth, discovery, psychology, and taking in high volumes of eclectic information from all over, many different sources, even those, we don't agree with. Putting them all together, logically weeding out, all inconsistencies, so that we distill it down to the base, essence of that which is true. And only then can we say "we have an accurate understanding of what is taking place" and most people do not do that process. Ladies and gentlemen, I do, do that process, and I'm not going to have people that don't do it tell me what I must believe because an expert said it. I will perform the truth, discovery, methodology, process, on the information, myself, and come to my own conclusion about it, and so should everyone else. So no one's gonna tell me, other people are the arbiters of truth, no one is the arbiter of truth, not even me. Not you, not anyone as an individual. Their conclusions do not mean that it is the truth and their conclusions cannot be violently pushed upon others. That is what is unfortunately taking place in our world, people with no knowledge just completely giving into fear. And the biggest fear is fear of the unknown, because fear of the unknown is what holds people, back, from knowledge and higher awareness. See, if you fear knowledge because you fear what you might discover, it is going to create a feedback loop of fear because fear comes from lack of knowledge. Those who are informed are not in fear, ignorance is what creates fear, refusal of truth is what creates fear. I have no such fear because I've accepted what truth is, and I've aligned my perception to it. But here's where we're at, folks, societally, this is what self-mastery is all about, understanding the laws of the universe, understanding natural law, and then actually applying that true spirituality in one's life, through our behaviors, through our actions in the right way, through right action. The next way-out is self-respect, true respect, true looking again at the qualities of ourself as an individual. Self-respect is the true healer, you want to cure the real human sickness, then apply the true healer, which is self-respect. First and foremost, this is the development of internal courage, to look at the truth and then to speak the truth publicly, not just to your family and friends, where you think it's safe. It needs to be out there publicly in a courageous way, where you're telling people, I'm not afraid. You know, turn off, the lying, fearmongering, state-controlled, media, it is an affront to self-respect. Stop believing that others have the right to command you, there is no such right, there is no such moral right. This is the way-out, true courage, courage is the universe's protection, it's universal protection, we talk about, you know, protective equipment, you know, to shield us from illness. This is the real universal protection to shield us from spiritual illness, that's what courage is, be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. The people who are stepping up, the people who are saying "No, we're not going to have this, we're gonna go back to our lives, we're not gonna take government mandates, we're not gonna take government commands, because you don't have the right to command us, we're free and we're gonna act like it" you know, stepping into that kind of courage creates the universe's protection. I'm protected because I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid of what can be done to me in the physical domain. And you know what real protection is going to come in the form of? Stepping into the courage to teach natural law, that's a spiritual understanding. If you exercise courage for the right things and you teach the right things and you teach natural law, mighty forces of creation will come to your assistance and aid in your life in all your endeavors, and that is where my protection comes from. So we have to say the lost word which is "No" and we need to fall in love with it. This is the lost word, we have to say "no" to evil, we have to say "no" to authoritarianism, we have to say "no" to worldview, violence, we have to say "no" to external control. No one has the right to externally control, rule, or command us, and we need to fall in love with that word, that is a vibratory energy of courage and protection, the word "No". No, you don't own me, no, I am not your slave, no, you don't have the right to command me and others, no one does. So folks, it looks like this, the lost word through the knowledge of natural law, a truly awakened human being is finally able to speak the lost word which is "No". No is the word of all power and only when we say "no" to those who would claim to be our owners, do we stop externalizing our power and in doing so, reclaim all of our natural rights. And that happens when we start to say "no" to those who would claim to be the rulers of our lives. The word "No" is another form of the word "On". We say "No", we'd turn "On", the light."
It is a shame for indian government to fight for farmers
Farmers have the right to protest in Delhi...Modi govt is a fail govt
Paying Tribute to all the Farmers and people who have  lost their life during Farmer's Peaceful protest.
I appreciate people trying to understand the issue from all over the world. But problem with Indian media is that they only present half of the fact that support their agenda. I am talking about each and every news channel here! So you can't rely on one source here. You got to understand both the aspects of a story. Specially people trying to see india from outside.
Actually it seems one state Punjab and few illitarate fierce Punjabis are ruling India now 
This protest and reactions in india is largely due to ignorance. farmers earn just a fraction compared to prices of goods due to middle men. Farmers are in a cycle of loan and repayment and most of the farmers only know their regional language in which the middle men can easily manipulate the news said to farmers. I think the new laws is more like antrust laws to break the monopoly of middle men and how is it a monopoly well farmers can only sell their goods to middlemen in their region or town otherwise they cant sell it directly due to regional or state laws.
A Big Corp will only buy form a Big farmer that is simple economics. The small farmer will continue to sell to APMC markets and still continue to get squeezed by these middlemen. Once the big farmers using tradingbplatofrms can begin to sell directly globally this will in turn increase there profit margins and may in turn increase collaborations between the small farmer and the big farmer. Big farmer will then say don't sell to Mandi but sell to us which inturn will.force mandi to give a better price and less exploitation by intermediaries. The act simply empowers more alternatives to market, larger areas of geographic distribution and removal of state barriers. The only losers are certain state govt like Punjab and Haryanan losing their high receipts to agriculture and the middleman who held a monopoly for so long. What is further needed is education to small farmers of their rights many who do not even know about MSP and are at the mercy of the Mandis.
Modi has seen your husband robertt wadra a poor farmer taking lands of farmers of Haryana with CM Hooda
2. Lack of crop diversity and supporting industries: India is a surplus producer of stuff like rice and wheat, we just produce too much of it while we end up importing some other major crops like pulses, now it is somewhat of a "side effect" I can say, as government gives MSP guarantee on rice and wheat in a lot instances which makes it artificially more profitable to grow than other crops even though it should have been the other way round where prices on rice and wheat should have gone down if supply is too high and discourage farmers to grow them and grow something where there is demand for or else it is just a waste of food, money, soil and effort. Now I do know the issue with this as farmers fear leaving a stable and safe source for something where they end up making "less" so I feel government should introduce some sort of a "floating msp system" where msp will be set according to demand and supply
Do you understand the impact MSP buyout by government has on the environment?? Farmers are sticking to easy crop and wrong methods of farming irrespective of the demand since they are confident that government will have to buy their unsold produce at MSP..
Thankyou farmers for showing us
Modi ji ki beard kam hui wese hi petrol price or attitude bhi kam ho gya.. he is good pm but can be best if he takes care of indian economy and people more properly.. 
If Farmers win as many fajeLeaders are claiming it, it means now farmers will be very wealthy without these 3 rules and getting any help from govt... so let's stop their all subsidies and freebies they are getting for last 70yr but their situation never improved... 
Bhut bura hua, apne he desh mein 600 farmers died, taj attack mein bhi itna nahi mara tha jab ki waha terrorist activities tha but yah toh apne desh mein bill return kar ne ke lye, 
Its been six months now Protest still going on peacefully. government and godi media tried to manipulate and call them terrorist but truth never dies please guys support them do tweets on Twitter because this is your right to speak right to say In democracy, and read about your rights.
Nicely explained. The issue is ordinary small scale farmer are aware of the clauses. They trust promise of government. No small scale farmer is going to find markets, as his family is small and he has to work on fields. Government should bring small scale farmers to bring under one umbrella of co-operative societies. These societies will be loans by banks interest free. The co-operative will train family members of farmers in managing finance, product packing, product processing units and marketing. These co-operatives can sign contracts with companies for contract farming as well.
Thank you for supporting to farmers... 
Bro major respect to u for making videos on farmers . Millions of people hear you respect bro
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Long live Kisan Long Live AAP Long Live Honest and best CM Arvind Kejriwal
Correct your facts first, not 70% but 84.67% farmers of india are small scale farmers
Sir, first of all: your knowledge of history and constitution is a gift that I cannot every repay you for. In fact your towering wisdom makes it difficult for me to even differ from you. However, this lecture tells me that everyone has some limitations. Even you. Your example of buying books on Amazon was ludicrous. If you are sincere about the topic of Oligopoly while speaking about Cartelization, please read about Amazon in more detail. Bihar's farmers are not fighting back despite losing out due to removal of institutional support because: 1. They don't produce in the same ratio of production/personal consumption 2. They are too weak to fight. 
No words for Lallantop team for such a great & historical documentry on farmers ...salute by heart 
Bills are good and pro farmers.
The biggest problem with these demonstrations is that they lack a deep dive understanding of the issue and perspective. The farmers union who are protesting are mostly from the state of Punjab and Haryana, but there's a need to understand that there are 28 states in the Indian union and farmers from other states are welcoming the reforms. As a viewer of VICE report, I expected coverage that doesn't just skip the top but investigates the deeper politics of protest that goes on in India. I would urge you to please do a more informative story, understand the real issue and present the story accordingly.
farmer doing  farming but who is sit a delhi border in since 10 month.
The MSP given to Punjab farmers is a huge sham. The government buys huge amount of wheat from these farmers at a very good price and just stocks them up, they can't sell it and now its a mountain. There's no demand either in the country or outside because everyone can grow their own wheat. If the govt refuses to purchase, we'll have round 2 of protests. The wheat produced by Punjab is either going to the rats or dumped in Ganges. This is a terrible model which is the reason MSP is not mandated in the law but only stipulated as an agreement. India needs these farm laws to get better deals to the farmers. This govt MSP purchase can't continue forever.
I am farmer please respect farmers
full support farmers brother #support farmers God bless you thxxx for support farmers 
Govt should arrest Tiket on Tada Act, he is a main culprit who wants to burn India , lets all Indians come forward and give one way ticket to Rakesh Tiket, Jai Hind 
Farmers will enrich only when they can decide their selling price,not a middle man or any private companies 
I think more politics is also involved here. The unions who has shares in apmc along with punjab gov will lose crores of rupees due to this. That's why they want the monopoly of apmc to stay.
Sir Gujarat ke farmer and PepsiCo wla case ko bhe smjhae
Election samne hai modiji apne to voters par surgical strike kar diya hai 
You are Nomadic blogger it's good but it's not mean you doing well analysis on any topic.its fact that bjp govt roll back decision due to election in UP (mainly). it's may be create setback in west up . But it's very imphatic Setback for our economy
We support farmer protest
Very goos explanation. It seems..the new ruleas are not in favour of farmers as the protesters say.
Good explanation, except the 3rd bill. Removing commodities will not directly increase farmers income - all farmers are not in position of negotiating with Pvt players. Probably initially for first few years it may increase farmers income but eventually theyll be left at the mercy of Pvt players who in their greed to make more profits will try their best to procure at cheapest possible rates
Indian farmar doing flag off khalistan samarthak in red fort. This protest is wrong because of farmar have doing voilence in capital . I am in indian that time . #DELIPOLICE
Sir ab farm laws repeal ho gye hai to uspar poora video banaye.........
All indian muslim support kisan brother jai hind 
Those who  aren't suport farmers are  fools
Govt should let states to decide whoever wants these laws to implement it... Southern states of India are much more educated and people has a progressive mindset in that part of India..let Punjab and Haryana don't implement the laws.
Im not indian and I was trying to get informed on this situation and Im qurious because I  don't understand how wide spread  the protest are ,obviously there are a lot of problems in the bill that need tweaking but it doesn't seem like it is that bad it seams like an overall good thing for the farmers
If this bill really good why farmers protest they know the real game of cheapest PM of India
"Y r only sikh farmers protesting"
May the kisans who lost their life watching this victory and they celebrate the victory.
This Gentleman Gurcharan is out of touch with Realty. 90% of protesting farmers are owners of less than 5 acres, not big farmers of Punjab as he says.
Bhai sun na toh Government chahti h pr kyuki farmers k leaders beeke hue h 
Indian government in defaming farmers
Modi ji ....understand bharath .No point in talking about culture,religion .....our civilization go to the history ...Modiji you will understand the value of farmer's
Thank you so much for supporting farmers. Huge respect for you dhruv 
Farmers be aware he is making fool
9:00 - Farmers are suspicious
Noah... U don't have idea what's going on? Poor farmers are still working in the fields and those protesting are all middle men who have screwed up their hard money of their life time. Said even without knowing anything, you are pulling out a video
What happened to unbiased report? Why did you not show where they rode over innocent people killing innocent people. How about where govt met all the demands of farmers. Did you do any research.
There is no APMC in Bihar. It has been abolished since 2008. In other states, where APMC exists, farmers cannot sell their produce to wholesale dealers outside the APMC market.
But must consider farmers will get more income because there is now multiple brokers in between....now the one party in between
Farmers won=India won=BJP lost
D News Channels made Rakesh Tikait -So called Kisan Neeta  a National Hero else kisko malum tha Rakesh T. Kaun hain
I don't know what the long-term plan is for the gov't or farmers but clinging to 2 acres can't be it. Only larger farms can invest in expensive mechanization by spreading the costs across more acreage. Also, other modernization efforts in India will trigger baumol's cost disease to inflate away the purchasing power of these small-time farmers.
Neither bill nor mandi will not help a real farmer in India. India has more than 60 % of small hold farmers, only farm cooperative will help and that too run only by farmers. If a farmers doesn't know to slove his problem, nobody else can.
Love from Pakistan to farmers
 The government can give assurance that it will never stop MSP and keep on running APMC by subsidy for next 25 years.
Kejriwal is also searching political land in Punjab that's why he is criticizing the Punjab government. Kejriwal is the only man who shake hand with Amit Saha and given permission to process the case of Kahaniya Kumar.
One thing I noticed is while watching protesters in America no one was holding Indian flag all were holding Khalistan flag
ideally the media should focus on whether the bills are anti farmers and how, not the type of report that can be used as a propaganda by inciting sympathies .....  ask these protesters what the bills exactly stand for and not even 1% of them will exactly know what they stand on !!! are the protestors also giving feedback to leaders as to how they should act when the Govt is negotiating with them so willfully ? i think communist leaders are working in their own self interest and propaganda in govt negotiations....
All conditions of farmers r genuine...
Dear Modiji, kick this anti- national elements so strong that this fellows remain their balance life on stretcher
I am from tamilnadu. I like this video quite useful. After celebrating 72 years republic day still farmers in my state are very poor and facing lots of troubles like cyclone , floods , insufficient water storage etc. State and central government will never provide enough money or cancel loans for affected farmers as so many years passed away. So my opinion is central government tried their best and let them do their work. Hope it may be successful for farmers in future. The whole problem is for small and poor farmers let their children's will help them in condition apply legal process after all they are working in IT field for foreign company.
The rationale given in your videos are wrong. Firstly, a farmer from Punjab can sell his produce in haryana. So nothing changes. Today farmers from UP come to Haryana to sell their produce just for better rates.  Secondly you mentioned that farmers currently store their produce. This is wrong too. Farmers in reality don't have storage facilities to store their produce. Once the produce is harvested they sell it in the mandis or to the wholesalers. It's the wholesalers who can hoard the produce. But by law you cannot hoard the produce unless it is Food corporation of India.  On the contrary, adani have made silos which will help them in storing. Once you store the produce and no government regulations stop you, you can control the price through supply. You mentioned the mandis are a cartel. This is wrong too. Mandis were established only for the purpose that farmers can go and sell their produce at a minimum support price or higher. Mandis are just the facilitator not a middlemen. If mandis were a cartel, then they would be purchasing the produce from the farmers below the MSP just like the middle men in the 1950s use to do it. That's why farmers from some parts of UP where there are no mandis come to Haryana to sell their produce in mandis. I think you need to look at both the sides especially how these bills will help the corporate than the farmer.
Please tell about 600 farmers which are dead. Are their families get any compensation for this
This again, is what a true grassroots movement of the people, by the people, for the people looks like. These farmers are true heroes.
4- MSP sirf 4% farmers hi avail karte h you know that other 96% to ese bhi bechate but direct market se unke pas option to rahega.
Now I believe , India will never be prosperous Because it's foolish public will never except change. And congrats we will still follow 70 yo farm laws. 
Thank u lallantop for true ground reporting #FarmersProtest #KisanEktaZindabaad #farmersprotest #KisanMazdoorEktaZindabaad
But did you know Reliance was opened saying it buys directly from farmer. So I think you have again research about it.
What a biased video. Without  telling  people the uses of the bills. Trying to create a sympathy. Shameless BBC. Get lost from India. Punjab is not the only state which does farming.
Farm bill are too good .who want to do politics,they are doing this.they had planned this violence situation from severel years during Indira's time
Why this is one sided video,,why only flaws of ordinance 2020 are counted..every policy since independence is neither pro farmers nor against complete,,there are benefits as well as flaws..Where india lacks is the implementation of policies,,why the farmers are still backward and poor even after 75 yrs of independence and agriculture being primary activity,,This ordinance is of 2020 but what about the past 75 years,,There were opposition for HYVs also but later we appreciate it,,Let's havr patience and we should focus and provide more checks and balance in administration..
This was the case with industries in India few years ago...now just imagine if de licensing of industries wouldn't have happened then we would still be 10-15 years behind in terms of progress from where we are now...at that time too thousands were protesting against LPG act and guess what they were wrong.
Good luck farmers & NDTV
1. APMC exploit farmers, which usually run by powerful middlemen. Example - Farmers in Maharashtra in 2019 got Rs 8/kg for onions whereas the SP was Rs 99/Kg or how farmers only got Rs 2/Kg for onions in 2018 in AP and so many countless stories, farmers who have a contract with MCD for potatoes in India are doing much better
Vice, what about the farmers who are actually supporting farmer's bills?
But as amrinder singh said'if modiji will repeal these laws ,i will form an ally with bjp'
With the fear of losing upcoming elections in Punjab, Himachal, Uttarakhand and U.P. modi govt withdraws & repeal farm laws . Now Withdraw CAA-NRC too & reimpose article 370 in Kashmir.
Pls also watch open letter analysis of farm bills
Irrespective of party, successive governments have rubbed us to the ground and we need the reforms NOW. The support that we get from netas is limited to "taking oath on farmers name".
While the farmers might have won the battle, India lost the war. This ensures India stays an agricultural society for decades to come.
So does that mean the farmer's protest is right?
Punjabi farmer thought that they will stay forever rich by farming..so time to implement the law..good step by govt..
1) There are clauses in the Farm Laws which prohibit acquisition of farmer's land in any manner whatsoever by the purchaser (Direct Buyer).
If India did farming in a Western manner, with say 100 Hectare farms, that would support the application of fertilizers, drip irrigation, mechanical harvesting and processing, storage and transportation issues resolved, the quantity of produce reaching the markets could well double, but the number of laborers required would likely reduce from 700 to 12 million. At which point the 1% of the population still engaged in agriculture would likely account for 30% of GDP. This leaves the question of what to do with the surplus 688 million bodies ?
*Farmers are weakest link and they can be exploited numerously*  yes it's true but bitter
Alot of people aren't thinking outside the box. With private players entering the market, farmers will have more employment opportunities, not bearing the risks involved with damaged crops. Also, it's a fact that private enterprises are statistically more productive compared  to government enterprises in India. This invariably means that there will be a greater level of focus towards achieving high standard of productivity. Also private enterprises would have the ability to raise capital and make investments, to implement better farming technologies in India. Although private entities will be entering the market, the government will still impose logical and reasonable regulations ( like how the RBI regulates large proportions on private banking functions in India). Also, it is important to know that the mandi culture is currently a mafia driven culture, where the middlemen and government officials are in on it, and if this bill comes into place it would be hard for them to make their cuts (illegally). So this is just my opinion after doing a bit or research, although on face value we don't see this  because no one covers the positive angle to this story.
There are 28 states in India. Anybody wondering why only Punjabi Farmers are only ones terrorising the nation? Why Tamil, Telugu, Malayali, Kannada, Bengali, Gujarati, Bihari, Oriya farmers have no issues with the new farm bill? Think, ask more questions if you want to know the truth.
Okay mc Donald's example you quoted..  they have decided the rate before selling.. it's a good thing but they are bind to a contract of say 5 yrs and what if someone else is giving more for the same crop? Farmers  will not be able to sell their product to the one who is giving them more.. there is a loophole in this bill..the govt should put MSP on private buyers too not only in mandis .
Very clearly explained. An impartial  account  of the effect of the farmer's  bills.
sikh brothers were were u when modi gov was crashing. other minorities ???  keep fighting  india. democracy and tolerance. were challenged since modis  gov  came to power
I m with our farmers, farmers are our life without them we r nothing.          But no one can deny that Sahin bagis are there and khalistan is also making some moves.... that's not good for our lovely country. Jay hind
BBC Thank you for bringing awareness of   the sentiments of the farmers as they protest peacefuly.
1. All the charges and taxes you saw, plus transportation n packaging, yes that is paid eventually by the farmer. There is no mechanism to recover this from the Mandi owners who actually do larger kill by selling the product 300 to 500% times then their purchase price. 
But Sir 20-30% Kishan hi fashal ki mandiyo m bechta tha baki 70-80% log to phle se hi local market m bechta tha to yh kaise hogya ki Kishan MSP m fashal bechne K liye badhya h
#My support for all world farmers
Contract grower with a fixed price with fair profits. Buyers should negotiate good price. Also, farmers must have an agent who markets thier produce overseas. Overseas buyers will defenitely purchase produce with good profit. Indian Bismati is a good rice grain for premium markets. They should hire an agent to sell direct to overseas retailers. As a consumer of India grain I know Bismati for example is a perfect "McDonald's" rice grain. Good to eat and can be used in international food preparation. Farmers must have thier profits first and the consumer must know that.
#a). as a farmer i confidently tell APMC(Mandi) is full of corruption. very true. But privatization as solution is fucking idea. its full of nonsense. 
Rich farmer's from Punjab have won the battle over poor farmers death bodies.
Now Our Farmers are Going to become billionaire..
This a india they're modi government
It is not India's largest farmer protest... It is only one state which have problems.
Thank you BBC for put farmer voice
After whatever happened, if you remove the context of "farmers" and the respect we have for them, it felt like an attack by some terrorist organisation. Whoever is the culprit - They should be ashamed about the fact that they grew up here to make this country shameful on one of its most important day.
Sir I have been 20 ,and crops price are still same when I was of 7year old.where  the big Miller buy crops from us in cheap prices and sell them in very high msp since,there moving in Audi bmw after explotiong farmers, however we pay high wages to labour's but instead of hike crops price they rudce it .and increase the fertilizer and pesticides price 
Your told loopholes aren't clear.They are in the favour of farmers (except the last one).Still you're saying these are the basis of their revolt..
These bills are Death Warrant for the farmers
Nakali gandhis stop your drama, you to do not a word singhur murder and Jaspur killing. Why this partiality? Why are you misleading the farmers? Munde baimuch.
Govt please be kind to farmers. They are the ones who are feeding the country
States had different rules &regulations to buy food grains from farmers. It was difficult for corporates to handle so many states with so many different regulations &taxes but now they need not to worry about any state.
Sometimes I don't understand, what the hell bbc actually want ? Earlier, they was doing news in the favour of protesting farmers, now they are projecting like PM has done something wrong. 
RG who's party has lost 2 elections under his leadership is the one getting blamed to encourage the farmers and protest  if he was this much capable then he wouldn't have lost.
we all must kick out bjp from indian politics..
Arrest them they are terrorist, nabbed charged them. Enough is enough pinned them down and no farmers protest permission.
could've talked about the Dutch farmer protests too
The farmers killed...four persons by beating
Iron died a thousand death with the repeal of farm laws
Our worth isn't equal to the dust of the farmers 
Hi, please tell me if I am wrong here. I am in support of these farm bills that have been brought by the government and I don't think that we need such legal MSPs or whatever. Because if party A is in favour of strict MSP and party B is not in favour of MSP, then corporates will support party B in elections. You can't avoid the interference. Instead, the problem can be solved by incentivising startups. Because if you have 10 companies like bigBasket then you will have competition. A company that offers better price to farmers and low price to consumers, actually grows. A new businessman can reduce monopoly of the old businessman. Competition in companies, is crucial for benefit of mankind.
Bad language, they are not farmers, they are gundas
Thanks bbc from Indian farmers
Welcome farms bill passed in Rajyasabha historic
zee news ...no.1channel of India
They're not farmers they're black mailing
What nobody mentioned is that more than 100 farmers lost their lives in the protest & that the attack was staged by the government supporters to discredit the farmer protest, also the media is calling the farmers terrorists & Khalistanis...there have been all sorts of efforts from the government side to discredit the farmer protest ....
Guru ji 9month ho gya haa but no result on farmer bill
I am with rights of everyone. But in this case, farmers are being unnecessarily and unfairly phobic and dismissive.
Indian people stand with farmers
Support truth support farmers support india
In India...that tooo gormint is running away from MSP......
All of which the govt. is AGREEING to, btw there is no law regarding MSP it is only an administrative rule involving FCI(Food Corp. of India), the govt. is not abolishing them, as is being projected.
Punjab n Haryana Top States in Farming Than Other States that why They protesting.
Actually the three farm laws was to kill small farmers anyone can buy the crops without proper system, because of mass production of crops private buyers would not give good prices and if any one is not paying after buying the crops farmers could not go court they can only go to district officers but due to corruption district officers would not listen to farmers. Farmers dont have storage systems in India due to which they cannot regulate market. The market would be regulated by big corporations and they would decide the sell and buy prices. Hundreds of farmers died at protest but govt did nothing. It is not democracy not BJP is doing it only for votes. The farm laws was just for business and corporations they would have crushed the middle snd small farmers. In India 70% of people are dependent on farming but the government did understand. Government told that they are not farmers they are terrorists. Is it good for a Prime Minister to say these words for Farmers and see now how he changed his views. He is the worst PM.
1:43 whoa i stand for farmers bcs they are jsut working
The farmers are very much justified in their protests.
I think we need to see from goverment perspective too, like why they are making this law which obviously spark the farmer protest
God protect the farmers!
You dont seem to know anything about India or the farm law but have come to talk about the issue and  pass opinion...
I've said from day one, farmers need to unionise, make their own corporates, hire teams of their own by getting together and then make deals with big corporates.
If farmers have to earn more money consumers must be willing to pay more for food
Things gonna be more worst... God bless India from BJP
India lost 700 farmer people in this battle, please don't forget before vote.
Indirectly gonna make farmers servants in their own farms.!!
The farmers abandoned .
Mahindra Thar belongs to BJP Minister.  Toyota Fortuner belongs to Ex-CONGRESS MP. 
Honestly, I do support Indian farm workers due to the issue in which they are facing is similar to what happened in Mexico in 1994 in when the corrupt president of the PRI got elected, he proposed privatization in which his administration cut down on subsidies on small farm workers, collected up small plots of land and sold them to private corporations, and help corporations take control of farmland. This types of policies were disastrous in Mexico due to food prices rose dramatically, inflation became extremely high, the farm worker produced and was struggling a lot more. And a lot more Mexican farm workers fled to the US. I hope Indian Farm workers get these types of laws removed due to privatization is bad and important sectors like farming should be kept by the people not by corporations.
Bjp is now overtaking selmon bhoi  humko toh aisa feel aah rha hai ki pair may kulhari maar dia bjp party nay aur has k bol diya maine nhi kiya. By the way public iam curious that next election may kis party ko vote dogay mai toh na dunga bjp ko .
Modi Ji is the Best PM.
I am with farmers they are 100 percent right. Bjp is government that is good for ambani , adani or more big business man in india those who loot bank's money
Land ceiling act is useful. You did not talk of any farm Bill's other than short 1 min in the end. Here matter is visible flaws in farm Bills that will increase the exploitation from an already exploitative previous APMC bill etc. We need to reduce that exploitation and not make it legal like through the new farm Bills by Corporations.
As a Pakistani, I am saying this is absolutely unacceptable and disgusting. This is literally inhumane. Hard working men and women begging the government for the bare minimum. Do they have no empathy? Majority of them look 60+. This is just heartbreaking 
Salute to farmers...
Indian government is satisfying its ego  and ignoring 100 of thousands of farmers sitting on roads from 2 months .Moreover, these laws were passed in very quick manner and deliberately to benefit Coorporates by the government. More than 100+ famrers have died during these 2 months  and Today also police at some places beated people too harshly . A day before yesterday,  a person was caught by famrers roaming in the protrst with weapon and  found that he was sent by some people to destroy the peace in protest but  the man changed his statements when he was handed over to the police .
We r with farmers
Vegetables are too costly in the cities,people do buy it but the monetary benefit was not passed to the farmers
Where its written that value of a product in mandi cannot be less than MSP. MSP is decided by govt is the maximum support price for that product/crop. If market demand is less during selling of the product, mandi will have less quote during bidding process, but MSP will remain same, as MSP doesnt change or fluctuate with real market price. That is why its called MSP. This is wrong analysis
Our great PM is polite but to withdraw Agriculture rules are not good for Democracy because few farmers were not happy or agree.
We are getting potatoes today at Rs 40 per kg and how much does the farmers get? You will be surprised.
Thats why indian govt establish the 3 farm law to counter these problems.  But hey the  indian farmer protest had gone global ,even justjn trudeu supported the protest in india even though he is establish emergency law in Canada aginst the freedom convoy.
2.Before also no one stop if farmers sell their produce anywhere in india 
In this video Trevor's like the spokesman of Indian "farmers"! I mean just don't be one sided we wanna know the truth and not ur propaganda ok?
After watching this, I finally understand why the farmers are protesting. Thanks vox.
AREE BHAI AAPKA INTERVIEW DEKHKAR LAG RAHA H MODI ANDHBHAKT HO.. GODI MEDIA MAT BANO
South India farmers did not protest and welcomed the laws...why literate south should suffer for your duffer north famer and money hungry punjabi brokers?? Make separate laws for other states
Please support the farmers, they dont earn much money and now they have no rights .
farmers want a guaranteed income by only selling to the government
Pray for farmers health and safety  this is when we should come together and spread awareness about the real truth and intentions of this Govt 
There is half truth.  Why Not all farmers from other parts of country are  protesting. Because there is agenda of khalisthan for punjab people.
4. The main leader of protest,  rakesh tikait,  was among the first to celebrate on this law. He said,  it was much awaited and need of the hour. 
1:18:00 Sir baat toh fir wahi aa gayi .... I am not against but ye waala point thoda sa galat lagta hai 4th option court ka bhi include hona chahiye..... Is tarah se Naukar shahi pe depend hone se hi  Corruption ko badawa milga .... Matlab sir agar koi badi firm deal me hai toh kya humesha ye hi rahega ke 100% sahi faisla hua hai... Kya collector ke uper politicians ka pressure nahi dalwa sakte agar bade groups involve hai toh ..... Kerne ko toh aise bhi ker sakte the ke jaise Consumer court hai us tarah se option ker sakte the ke Free lawyer denge and most of the times Kisaan ki hi baat suni jaayegi ... Tab dekhte ke Private players kitna interest lete ... I know sir ke this is good bill but ye kuch cheeze kisaan ek liye agar ker dete toh sayad wo bhi samajh jaate.
In the U.S. workers have never been able to trust a corporation to do the right thing since there were corporations; I imagine Indian farmers won't be able to trust corporations to do the right thing there as well.
uneduacted farmers are a curse to a country
This clearly shows the farmers have a monopoly on the food supply of India. Like all monopoly, this should be broken. They simply have too much power.
If the farmers are not agree with any bill then Government should not to force them 
Just thing we are are having farmers in millions but then why are only farmers in few thousands protesting.
3) How the farmers will match & burgain with a corporate client who is far more powerful than him in money & connection..??? 
Long Live Farmers Unity.
These people have no idea about the benefits of "free market". And farmers are not only in Punjab, West Bengal is largest producer of Rice. Yet they are poor than the labours who work under Punjabi farmers. These law is for those poor farmers who are exploited in monopoly of Mandis.
However it is so shameful that everyone tried to talk to the statuesque govt yet it took a year and loss of 600 farmers for Our govt to take back the laws.
Sir Today your company or other company already purchase wheat  direct farmers.
not Congress vs BJP.
For past 20 years or so the income of farmers in Punjab has not grown despite the fact that Punjab has the best rural infrastructure in the country.  Farmers in Punjab primarily grow Wheat and Rice. 26% of folks in Punjab are engaged in agriculture. Farmers have abundant access to resources such as water and fertilizers and have literally brought about surplus production. Punjab farmers have also depleted ground water to alarming levels, and also indulge in burning rubble leading to greenhouse gases emission and increase in carbon footprint. 
Big win for small farmers 
We support farmers from tamilnadu
What Modi and Amit Shah (Two Gujrati) are doing with the farmers is good? How many farmers have been killed? Can anyone answer?
Support from Pakistan 
Kangana is behaving like she is the king and the farmers are his slave
Modiji was waiting for the right time!!
MSP should be made compulsory even in private contract.......if pvt companies want to have the products directly from farmer they can bid higher than MSP
Since ages I was trying to figure why exactly are the farmers against the bills, whereas on the other hand the media claims its a very good/beneficial move. Thanks.
Jai Ho. Jai Kisan. This statement is not bonafide and because of elections in states and not for sympathy for Kisan. Pls remain cautious for their next game . . I request all Kisans to vote as a Kisan and not on basis of caste or religion , only than no Govt will play with Kisan and there sentiment. Pls make demand for legalise MSP and violation of it by any as punishable . Pls keep the momentum 
Dear team ,If you are showing protest against a bill ,
If these people had the wherewithal to differentiate between what's sensible and what isn't, they would not be "poor" farmers. The fact that anyone is supporting these protests is a reflection of their political leanings. Nothing to do with the policies themselves, but who implemented the policies. Protest and die of covid. That is the fate you have chosen.
I fully support these laws. Remove APMCs and MSP. The Opposition MPs rioted in Parliament. Shame on them!
India should start taxing agricultural  income  after some limit and use that fund to give farming subsidy ..
How can a poor farmer can protest for nearly 2 years because farmers take care of their crops also how will a farmer feed their family while being in the protest
Hats off for those who protested farm laws, uneducated farmers 
Here what he is telling all lies. farmer will not benefit by farm laws. He will lose his land and livelyhood
We support the Farmers!
Power should be in the hands of farmers
'No one is more patient than a farmer'. Spot on. 
Farmers the real & pure people of our country ....
No clarity obtained other than instigating people against these Farm Laws. 1991 reforms was opposed in similar manner...including by Bajaj...nobody can now deny the benefits derived of such reforms...Several corporations are involved in contract farming and other agri activities....please ask those farmers how have they benefit. 
We all support our farmers....They fight against the crony capitalist.....
All of India is with them. Support will never stop.
They r not even farmer
We should all support our PM..he is the only one in the current situation who can take us to greatness....Jai Hind....proud to be an Indian...
#indiawithmodi
INDIA  ALWAYS STANDING BY YOUR SIDE.. #farmerprotest
wrt Pt (d) and (g)(ii) of 2. of chapter 1 (preliminary) and chapter2: 3.(1)(a) & 4. (2) (a) & (b) of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
#longlive farmers 
Those who are speaking against the farmers protest in the comment section , i dare them to provide five benefits of three farm laws !
1. Devinder himself said that only 6% of farmers get MSP, then what is the use APMC?
How can a foreign media with little knowledge of the country or system or individual states blatantly call the reforms trash and against farmers. And the youth buys every word of this 8 minute video than actually reading and understanding for themselves
The best video I saw of yours was about 'how to make YouTube Video'..... I think you should make videos on Bollywood where you may say anything without running the risk of being wrong. Agriculture is a different business and it would help if you live in a village for a year to know the truth. A farmer cannot sell his crops at a preferred high rate place 10 km away because it is across the border into another state, and he has to go 50 km in the wrong direction within his state to sell at a lower price. There are many such lacunae in the present system that even your private Agriculture expert doesn't know, as he sounded more urban. All protests are politically motivated and would die down naturally after Punjab elections. So, hold breath and let farmers benefit ...... don't thank BJP if you don't want to.... but don't spread lies either...
He is under pressure to give clean chit to BJP mantri and his son along with other BJP supporters.
The passing of the farm laws was a manifestation of the Modi governments contempt for the federal structure of the Republic and for Parliament itself.The Constitution of India lists agriculture as a state subject. And, yet, so far as one can tell, the three farm laws were drafted without any consultation with the states, not even with states ruled by the Bharatiya Janata Party. Indeed, knowing how this government functions, it is very likely that all the drafting was done in the Prime Ministers Office, with little or no input from cabinet ministers, not even from the Union minister of agriculture.Unilaterally making decisions which affect hundreds of millions of Indians has been a hallmark of the Narendra Modi government since it took office in May 2014. However, a top-down, one-size-fits-all framework is particularly unwise in a field such as agriculture, given the enormous ecological diversity of our very large country. When soil types, water regimes, cropping practices and land tenure histories vary so much between and within states, how could the prime minister go ahead with such a controversial measure with no discussions with the states at all?
Why aren't you talking about the insurrection of the Red Fort on India's patriotic Republic Day? You and the entire left doesn't get tired of slamming the Capitol siege so why this HYPOCRISY when it comes to India? Why are you not talking about the brutal attacks on Indian cops with swords, daggers, stones, bricks, iron rods and millions in damages caused by the violent mob? About 500 cops were injured by the mob. Why are you not talking about the desecration of the Indian Flag? These people had no respect for India or it's Flag. Will you support this in USA? Will any country allow illegal occupation of the roads for months and inconvenience the citizens and incur millions in damages? The Modi government has restrained themselves for far too long. Holding the government hostage every time a sensible law is passed by the duly elected Parliament has become the new norm and it should never be acceptable. STOP spreading FAKE NEWS and HATE against INDIA.
Modi is very rough and tough but he havent guts to give a interview without godi media.
If they were real farmers they don't come for protest, but what khalastani will do now they don't have home now 
Jo original Krishan he bo matho me fasal uga rahi he or a jo sab idhar batha hei sob ke sab rajniti ka bat kar raha hei.. I also belong to a farmer femily from west Bengal we do not feel any problem about krishi law it's  creat problem only those, who's sons or daughter staying on foreign countries... Interesting news is India produce this year bumper production all time high... If farmers are not on the field then how is that possible, it's indicate only one thing that those who are doing these such kind of things they are not farmer it's called (proxy farmers). Jay Krishna jay jawan 
90% of farmers are openly supporting this bill..The government should talk with the farmers of Punjab and haryana as it can be regional issues.. Certain changes are needed in bill.But forcing the government to repeal this farmer law is nothing but Andhvirodh..
- Govt should acknowledge its mistake and the death of farmers. More than 700 martyred farmers' families should be compensated.
Great report, thank you! 5:04 it doesnt only deplete the soil, it completely destroys soil biology over time. Regenerative organic farming is the only way out of this mess. The governments and big corporations need to change their focus and start to step in more, to support this healthy cycle for future generations.
This is the common people r/IndianFarmersBet version of Occupy Wallstreet r/WallStreetBets? 
Justice farmers
Support & Save Indian Farmer's 
No farmers no food!  Leave the farmers alone. God protect them . In Jesus's name.  Amen
As far as I know there are no restrictions for farmers in the earlier laws also. He can sell his produce across anywhere in India. Restrictions are  applicable only when they sell in APMC Market ..
This lecture is also very usefull for all my rural area relatives who is mostly farmers. I forward them this vedio. Thanks to Vikas sir for this concept clarity lecture.
Welcome passing Farm bill 2020
We support farmers  modi is wrong about the bills as its unethical
You dont know about farming and will never know about farmer issues by sitting in AC rooms. Shame on so called experts 
1. Check the money distribution to states from GOI, Punjab is in the list of developed states having very well established APMC architecture, But on the other side look at Bihar where np APMC
This must be the first case in india  where police wags it's tail down and eagerly waits for the murderer to show up. Bjp walas can enjoy their status openly and for this I must applaud.
I really feel sad when that c grade actress compared these poor farmers to terrorist. Our society has really changed in the past few years now they start comparing farmers to anti nationals just because they fight for their survival
Absolute bullshit ,Do you want indian tax payer money to export goods ?What nonsense, if you want to export do  it out of your own penny .The very reason MSP was brought in is  to increase the domestic production.
vry proud of you my all farmer brothers. morch fateh good song veer g
Rakesh tiket is a biggest leader in farmer's community
Dalali money is speaking , other knap leaders of west UP are hand to mouth , I am also from M Na gar and know complete history of this Tikait , he is dalal and making huge money , he became super rich just from 24 bigha land in a very short time. How is it possible? He should tell this formula to other poor and innocent farmers, he always challenges nation like Bhindrawala.
I feel sad for majority of farmers
Thanks a lot bro :) Before this, I was always wondering whether the government is right or the farmers are right. Why is government not approving MSP as a legislation? Is it because of lobbying by the corporates?
Democracy prevails. Big win for Farmers, Big win for India and its people. Jai Hind!
Agriculture law bnona state list de under h ...fr centre govt . koi v law kiwe bna skdi h ..eh sida sida indian constitution nu challenge krna hoea ...j centre govt constitution follow nhi krde pya...fr o aam loka toh ki umeed krde ne...and j govt eni hi sahi ae....fr o farmers di gal sun lain...centre governmnt nu darr kis gl de h..
But I'm really happy for my farmers. 
India will never develop ,  what is the use of bjp winning majority.
everyone support farmers
There won't be any impact on MSP and APMC..so for what this people are protesting?? 
Can you tell how many of you are farmers. And do talk or have talked to them. If not so what is worth of your comments. These are laws for farmers and the Farmers don't want these bills therefore protesting. So simple government should just revoke these bills. Government cannot compel  farmers.
A farmer died  in this protest , these protest are going on for many days and about more than 50 farmers died
But what about us....we supported farm laws....plz amend them in up
After repealing of farms laws 
Thank u for bringing up the issue.. #farmersprotest
MSP is available to less than 6% of farmers across India.
almost all of the farmers from the country support these laws. Only these stupid farmers from one state Punjab are fighting to protect their and their middlemen priviliges and cartles on the expense of all the farmers across the country. 
You can't just say farmer reform will lead to betterment of farmer. It's so sorry from your end that you haven't talked why farmer is protesting. " WE ONLY WANT MSP ACROSS ALL THE PLATFORMS OF TRADE".  This farm bill will promote capitalisms. And let me tell you that this structure has already "FAILED IN USA, FRANCE AND OTHER EUROPEAN COUNTRIES". I am so disheartened to  see lack of proper facts from your end.  It's common sense of economy, you don't need to DO RESEARCH, that if big private players calls it as free market it can never be free market. Secondly, let me tell you another fact; this model has already failed in the so called "rich states". And now it's expected to implemented across the country. Agricultural is collapsed rather bringing different controversial, stupid, monopolized bills please spend more on agricultural. Thank you. If someone thinks differently, I am open to debate but make sure you bring your manners along.
Firstly, as your video says only 6% of farmers sold in APMCs, why are they now even bothering about something that they never cared about?? West Bengal is the largest producer of vegetables in India. Can't see anyone from WB protesting. and lastly... Nowhere in the bill says that it is in favour of companies. Neo-liberalism is a tangent from this topic.
No democracy in India only there modicracy haaaaaa...
2. Why minimum support price not guaranteed? Why not Corporates bound to pay MSP? 
I hope this man will live miserably for the rest of his life.. #nofarmersnofood this is a small win for the greater good of India.. we cannot let this fascist run such a beautiful country..
Farmer's Own the Country and Business flourish as the Corrupt takes the Money and Enjoys in the City.
This man needs to re-think his every single word. He knows nothing about the farm laws.These laws were totally anti-farmer. Every BJP supporter says that these laws give them opportunity to sell their crops in other states, but these fools don't know that we already have this oppoutunity since 1986 after a long protests. As now himachali farmers sell their fruits all- over India. Punjab's farmers sell their basmati rice in Haryana mandi. So, how they can say this bullshit in the favour of these bills.
While the farmers fears are legit, why fear about something that hasn't happened yet? How do they know for certain that the pvt companies will exploit them when the bill hasn't even been put to practice 
The best video i ever seen in this protest. Thank u soo much for covering this. Respect and support for farmers
MSP: the new bills clearly state that MSP is not part of law. 
Most of the information in this vice piece is good but is a bit skewed. First of all the subsidies are absolutely necessary for the farmers at this stage for them to diversify their crop production. But monocultures are by far the most effective way to consistently produce the largest crop yield. GMO crops can also play a role in reducing the amount of pesticides and water required in producing crops.
So Indians are protesting in the US because India is de-regulating the food market and lowering food costs for the average Indian?  I appreciate that the farmers may have to deal with increased competition, but why aren't we hearing from Indians suffering from malnutrition?  Why aren't we hearing from Indians who can't afford to feed their children because the government deliberately shields small-scale commercial farmers from competition?  They're not protesting for land rights; they're protesting for the government to continue forcing people to go through middle-men and local markets where they can earn more money and produce less food.
Indian spring now good luck , get rid of dictator Modi.
New bill will be introduced soon , once elections are over
Just reading these comments here, seriously !! Do you all think if central government discussed and solved farmers problems , would this incident would have occurred? Farmers have been protesting over a year now..what the heck central government is doing...
Non-Favourable Market Conditions: While retail prices have remained high, data from the Wholesale Price Index (WPI) suggest a deceleration in farm gate prices for most agricultural produce.
It serves all farmers right. Farmers who wanted this law did not come out to support it and  "farmers" who opposed it always wanted it to be repealed regardless of its outcome. So in the end survive at the mercy of subsidies.
A PMC    .    Bank transfer    .   MSP     .  contract farming   Sugar Cane Cultivationil  .       Sugar Mill   .        .          .                .
Well i really dont mind this farmer protest...its just to complex to even comment as both side has their right and wrong...or its just more more complex ...i just ignore this protest while many time i curse both side for making my travel times difficult...u know what many times i hate for having my country this diverse in culture and other major and minor factor and having this complexity...we just cant take any risk for having this fear in national levels...our ancestors sacrifices their life for a better India but those old ba*tards in government and in opposition just sarcastic way side those sacrifices... we divided into Pakistan and India and Bangladesh but even now we hating for our border country and lost ourselves in consuming those revengeful thoughts and idea (Korea was under Japanese control (1910-1945) and after independence both government tried their there best for establishing better relations so that they can become what they are now)  this 3 countries government and political parties use this hate for their votes bank ... we are just too narrow minded and think ourselves as king or need special status without any hard work ...like fake beggars...if only we have one party system like china or two like us ... we can be like china (have no strong opposition in government decisions)which is literally going head-to-head with US(world overlord chuckles*) or like japan and korea(east asia) ... we are good in few things because of our population (not like less population more talented and skilled peoples)...so i just focus on myself and for my future ...just ignore this stuff...bec. Its not important for me for what i am doing as we have peoples(those old sly) for taking those tensions...ehem (cough *) my vote is for nota as i literally hates both sides (go and oppo)...just hope for having a good future leader which can handle those  burdens and not use culture and religious and in other bad ways in politics for votes and influence ...as i think god( from all patrons)does not want that...we have one life invest in ourselves not on others as i not give f*ck shit them with my damn (with my lovely sushi (Japanese dish) )...just want peace with pakistan and china and other hostile asian countries as its just peace haters (terrorists) and politicians who produce this hates and forcing to have border disputes and war ...well by this only innocent and our lovely and loyal soldiers will die not those power and money hungers ...peace \_()_/
If really Govt. Want to Welfare of Farmers, must reform the System of Telecasting of weather, Transportation facilities, Awareness of Organic farming, Provide Good Technologies to change the old Methods of Cropping, Good yielding of seeds, Insurance for Perishable crops, Storage Godowns, Information display system through Apps to know the exact Price in different APMCs of Different states ( it is available but not working properly).
Farmers win the  match
edhine kurich nallla bodhathode enikkk ariyam farmers bill is use fulll commodities  und but some rulls and regulations ella ath kurachkoodi central government ni better cheyyamayinnnu this bill helping to farmers pinne delhi illl kanunnna farmers avar has a fake farmers money nde underilll ullla themmmadigal atre pinnne rashtriya mothaledupppum
Government need to understand farmers first. Farmers cannot sell after growing the crop. Farmers cannot do A to Z work. 
Election aaye to bill bapsi ab aaya uth pahad ke niche
sardar ji ne sahi bole police ke liye corona nahi hai or farmers ke liye corona aajata hai corona bhi modi ke hath men hai
Finly farmer won
2.Opposition parties trying to do the same with death of farmers. 
Yesterday my self I tried to understand the whole bill.... I downloaded the exact original copy of bill from gazette of India site and spent my whole day in understanding the bill..... And guess what, indeed it really empowers farmer... At least its a step to help farmers after a 60 Yr.... Dont believe me yourself try to go through the bill...
You want our farmer to suffer the way they are suffering?
I hope the government has the strength to keep it deregulated. Any intervention means other people paying for farmer's own benefit. A similar thing happened in New Zealand some decades ago. Years later it became one of most efficient agriculture markets in the world, because that's what entrepreneurs have to do to make profit, efficiency, not ask money from the government.
Im a blessed Punjaban born in Sikh family. Massive respect to our farmers. My head bows to them &  their struggle 
1) Instead of MSP, govt should announce a min price only for those products in market which are in high supply leading to their price crash (and not before sowing the crops for only "few selected" crops. For ex- if pulses price crashes in market then provide min price on pulses ONLY not on wheat/rice.
Modi is getting ready for March Election in Punjab.
Take back the 3 farm laws. We support farmers.
The farmers are not bound to sell their produce in a certain APMC. They can move around the country to sell them but because of transportation and storage inconveniences, we can't commonly observe them doing it though there are farmers who still sell outside APMCs that are at a close proximity to their farms.
Just indus river farmers
The new system introduced is the one which is prevalent in US as well. The old rules favor only 16% of farmers in India and the rest are suppressed. 
 farmers  Now Modiji will pretend tobe a most kindhearted and loving one PM to farmers and people at large.
IMF chief gita gopinath: this farm bill is beneficial.
According to my knowledge similar concept is present in US where farmers can sell there production to any one. But it failed because business men are naturally profit makers. And the reason farmers are surviving there is the incentive they get from the government to continue agriculture. As you know the farmers there are much more educated than the Indian counterparts and the fact that they are still being exploited justifies the fear of Indian farmers
I stand with farmers 
It wont be easy for our farmers to break the ego of BJP but they will eventually break it.  jai jawan jai kisaan
Do u know al economist and expert supported farm law.
 ai hai actor farmer ke name pe
 2. The Essential Commodities Act (Amendment) Bill: It empowers the Central government to regulate food items in extraordinary circumstances or impose stock limits if there is a steep price rise. However, the points of contention are:
if there is any hoarding and price rice, then it will benefit the farmers also rt.... any way adani cant buy all the wheat and rice in india and store at his godown... if that is the case then he may have to buy around 10 lakh godown to store the grains alone... then another couple of lakh cold storage godown for storing vegetables....
The main problem is the way of implementation!! Modi gov. regulated things like GST and demonization which looked great on paper but failed in real life! Can the farmers take this risk with their livelihoods here?
But for farmers...they selling tomato 2-5 per kg
This explanation is really detached from reality. Assumes ideal conditions and ignores the ground realities of practices like contract farming in India. I am up for a debate with you if youre interested.
Thanks to Modi ji for withdrawing agriculture
However, im not afraid of conundrums coming in my way subjected to farm bills...will explain them all....
Please let us know what is the situation of the farmers in countries where such policy has been already in practice. Are they rich/indebted/poor ?
Justice for farmers.
Till yesterday, BJP people called the Farmers as Khalistanis and Deshdrohis. So, Are they Supporting Deshdrohis now BJP will do anything for power, no credibility at all
Modi has to realize that Indian farmers aren't Kashmiris.
It is nowhere mentioned that farmers have to sign contract farming agreement with any corporate company and that they have to sell it only to Corporate companies.
I am from Farmer's family, I am well aware of benifits we are getting with new Bill, don't mislead people with your false propaganda. Don't become agriculture expert just by reading one document, come here in farms and work with farmers then you will realise real pain.
I saw all videos regarding it , farmers didn't do any crime
Abb ki baar Joe sarkar, there is need to change the govt in India too, abb ki baar Congress sarkar....!
If this laws had come during congress period, Modi supporters would have been protesting instead of farmers
2. The corporates can not buy the farm produce at unreasonable costs as the farmers are the ones who will determine the cost of their produce through a contract.
Thank you fr clearance  abt farmers problem
oh, farmers with an American connection!!!
Can anyone please answer if there are 600 mil farmers in india than why the hell such a tiny minority of population is protesting? Does the law effect only states where there are sikh farmers? Or are only sikhs are farmers  in india? I don't understand this
Mark my words it's not set back for government,it's setback for farmers specially small farmers
Abhi tk modi ji kha the aj yad aya jb election a rhe h ,har k dr tha
Modi want to create farmers and company have MOU "Memorandum of understanding".
Mein emotional ho gai dekh kr this is called Unity   ek onkar  #sabekhain #isupportfarmers 
It's good that you are discussing this but as you may not know 50% of the farmers don't have any education to read the farm law and check the real facts. The best thing about this law is that farmers can sell their produce anywhere in India which the earlier law prohibits. Facts can be checked on ground but the poor farmer will only say big corporate will gain but won't be able to explain what is wrong with this bill !
May the souls of all the farmers who suffered Rest In Peace. 
Every one is saying Modi  did this to win upmcoming elections. But please think about this - our democracy is designed such that only elections matter, whoever will come to power will have to think of elections and how to win it. They will have to make strategies. Populist moves have to be taken and even people do not want revolutionary changes. Do we? We are opposing all changes that will have long term impact. People only love to talk about elections,  most of us lack scientific temparament. If you do not win election, you can't do or change anything in this country. At the most you can start a youtube channel like Dhruv Rathee or Akash Banerjee.  Its very easy to criticise the government by staying outside the system and run it. I really want these criticizers to atleast suggest a good leader who they think is best for the nation. Do these guys have any solution? No, they only want to talk about problems, that's the easiest thing to do!
This is what happens when somebody who doesn't know hoots about India & it's farming issues tries to support under the garb of being funny... Trevor expected better research .... No wonder they day agendas drive social media these days...
Take this opportunity to thank team DB for the consistent covering and commenting on the entire journey of the farmers' struggle.
I've not studied the bill completely, but I'm sure that before this bill came, There was no restriction for the farmers to sell outside APMC. You were mentioning that farmers were restricted to sell their crops to APMC. Kindly correct that one.
Your channel always support BJP party you never support Kissan
Sik / Farmmer are the biggest Strength of India.
Trevor ur bang WRONG on this issue. Don't be puppet. You look like loudspeaker in this video playing ur master's tune. Don't comment on topic, which is so extensive n intensive when ur been fed up with political motivated facts. I had great admiration for you but u seem to be from the one of the  bunch of people easily fooled n bought up. Next time know the ground reality and then give opinion. You cant disguise Indian common people like me who lived here not just in cities but have their roots in villages. If they were real farmer n if their protest was real common people would have support them. From last few years we are witnessing these nuisance value protests. Their only purpose is to create chaos n straining law n order situation in country. Try to find out answer to my one simple question and u will realise how hallow these protests are. In spite of availablity of large ground and open space these protestor chooses  important busy road and completely occupies it. Against whom are they protesting ? Common man or govt ? In Shahin bag protest whole market was shut off for months causing loss of livelihood of common people. Either ur fooled with wrong info or ur paid to paint wrong picture. In either case Get well soon bro n wake up to reality. That's what ur been liked n loved by people.
its like dhruv rathi is biased towards bjp and you are biased towards modi and no one can speak unbiasedness.
THEY LOVE AND VERY MUCH FOND OF, RATHER BECOME HABITUAL OF "ANDOLAN". THEY DON'T WANT TO LET TRAINS RUN IN PUNJAB BECAUSE THEY HAVE PERSONAL VEHICLES FOR TRANSPORT. POORS ARE FACING PROBLEM BECAUSE RAILWAYS IS THE LIFE-LINE OF INDIA.
            APMC  MSP           
Why dont you talk about elimination of middlemen when farmers or group of farmers will be able to sell theirtomato crop to a ketchup processing plant, or potato crop to a chips manufacturing plant or corn to a flakes manufacturers nearby? The companies will also have incentive of direct sourcing of raw material from the producers and even help producers for best quality production, get in contract with the farmer for multiple year supplies at mutually agreed prices. "NO MIDDLEMEN". APMC act mandates middlemen (registered traders) trade  Study topic comprehensively and share.
Rip for all innocent farmers and bjp supporters who lost their prescious lives 
As if farmers are not dieing in India 
Stop doing anything farmers .. Think about Middle class .. Govt has already given in bulk to them
Thousands of farmers IN states like Maharashtra, West Bengal and Orissa take their lives. And farmers from these states don't the access to APMCs and MSP that farmers in Punjab have. Punjabi farmers are the richest in the country, and they have become so under a system that is killing their state's soil. An average farmer from Maharashtra, West Bengal or Orissa cannot afford the tractors like these farmers can. 
Take any company all are natural seed / grain powders which these grains have an average market price of less than Rs.30 and from farmers less than Rs.15 for making and packaging won't exceed Rs.15 per kilo how much we are purchasing a kilo these powders literally 10 to 20 times more. 
Nicely explained except for one thing that you missed. If the PVT companies are not paying the farmer for what they have agreed on, the farmer shall get lower price, you said. But in this case the farmers can still sell the product in Mandi on MSP, you missed.
These farmers giving lesson to all countries who either has dictatorship or a very powerful single ruling partyy
Lacs of farmers.
God bless the Indian Farmers
1. The Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce Bill just says that all types of agri trade will be allowed (even outside state regulated) APMC mandis. So, now anyone can trade within the State or across the state all over India and it can be physical trade or online trade. And the most important thing is if Vivek opens a mandi/market for trade of agri commodities (ether i am procuring from farmers and selling it to retailers in my physical mandi or I opened an online portal just like amazon) anywhere in India then NO STATE CAN PUT ANY KIND OF TAX/CHARGES ON AGRI TRANSACTIONS. 
Good video.. salute to our farmers.. Kangana has no right to interfere in all national affairs
Please make another video to discuss about the farm bills.
Govt has told many times that they can't buy each & every crop at MSP. They don't have that money. So, can she provide acceptable new way for Farmers & Govt?
Well explained madam, understood whole farmers bills and got to know why some states are protesting n some are supporting it. Excellent lecture, even my law college lectures wouldn't explained it this way.  Thank you for taking initiative
Glad to know that there is still some hope left for democracy in this nation. Respect to the farmers.
* Farm size- the average farm size in India is 1.3 hectare. While in Australia its 800 hectare, Argentina 518 hectare, Canada 315 hectare, US 250 hectare, UK 86 hectare, so the average Indian farmer only has 1/50 - 1/500 of the land a farmer elsewhere will exploit, to generate an income.
Farmers will win. There is no other way.
No farmer is in protest of the farm laws, only the Rival political parties and Seperatist elements are building up their numbers to try and make a dent towards the ruling government this is not going to be successful at any level.
Good research but you're only showing 1 side of the story. The other side of the story is that only the rich farmers as shown in your video are from Punjab and they are protesting, farmers in the other states welcome this bill. As mentioned in the video all states have different system and different payment for crops, the Punjabi farmers have been getting rich while the others have been suffering, this bill will let the farmers of other states to compete with them and that's why they're protesting
This is the reason farmers protesting
The question was should everyone pay more to preserve the livelihood of a minority of farmers? That's stupid
Please explain me why only punjab farmers are protesting because msp only benifits to some perticular State what about others.  I'm from odisha from a farmer family.
This man always tells lia and this not New for us. I am the farmer and I know what is right and wrong so don't tell such things.  
Dunkirk retreat was a battle lost however it helped win the war. Similarly this repeal might help with push reforms later, hopefully right after 2024 elections.
These guys are protesting against the farm bill and making it a religious movement. They are carrying their religious flags and chanting "Raaj Karega Khalsa" - their religious chant. 
Modi is the best leader India has ever had. Jai Hind 
Absolutely agree with u. Small farmers are need to be cared.
During farmers protest: we support farmers. 
So called khalistani protest not farmers 
Bravo!! Pls support the farms! My respect to all this farmers!!
incredibly sad :( Living in countryside UK, i can see a similar practise, local farmers growing mono crops that are subsidised (for now) 
So now they wont call farmers terrorist anymore? Good
As an Indian I am not amused by Trevor get your facts right dude the farm laws are supported by Indians and approved in parliment it's just the few farmers who will now not be pampered that are protesting, as a journalist a story has two sides
U r not well aware about the farmers. Have you consulted any specialist before making this video? You can go and check what are the main problems that farmers have and even now the government is agreeing to that. 
Grain in Punjab Haryana MSP RS 1950 why its Rs 950 in Madhya 
Bjp has no vision to run India 
all this guys can make New Delhi city into farm land, don't play a fool with them. Don't mess with farmer.
"Farmers across the country are protesting the farm bills" Is this thing true? AFAIK only the farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP are protesting. What about other parts of the country? Can you guys do ground reporting on the other parts of the country to know their opinions?
This is so great! Proud of our farmers
Dhrue ratee - I am also a farmer child and watching the farmer's situation childhood. 
 Before Modi celebrated his 4th birthday,  India created the Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay (AEET). It was later renamed as Bhabha Atomic Research Centre.
Farmers are not protesting to make MSP legal binding,they are straight away demanding all 3 bills to be withdrawn without even understanding. And they are not even farmers , they are middlemen and aadtias from Punjab and Haryana.
4) I think we are also underestimating the intelligence of farmers even they can form a cartel. In many developing cities, many farmers become builders and exploited the buyers. Or another example could be they hoard onions during election season 
One big reason for the protest is also: land (which is scarce) gets divided amongst children of a farmer. There is a crisis brewing and profitable agriculture is getting tougher generation on generation. With free market, these marginalized farmers wont have anything left. Example : farmer dad owns 3 acres and grows paddy(rice). Assume 1 kg rice fetches 1$. And in 3 acre assume 3000kg rice is cultivated. A farmer makes 3000$ altogether. How if he has 2 sons, the next generation will make 1500$ each. And he will be forced to either listen to big agro businesses and do contract agri or sell his land and become a labourer. This is petty and cheap from any government! Farmers are right.
No farmers no food 
simple india is for sale !!  people are against this sale.
3. Farmers are also protesting for decreased subsidy on electricity that automatically inc there cost. 
Jai jawan jai kisan. Modi ki tapasya ka formula. Water cannons, Wire Barricades, Stopping water supply, False cases, Calling farmers as terrorists, agents of China, Pakistan, etc. If this is formula of Tapasya then guess the mindset of the Nikamma Leader.
Had no choice  Modi on his knees...  farmers did it
Only this condition was applicable on commission agents that they have to buy products from a specific APMC..
Congratulations on victory of Kisan Andolan
No Government is working for Farmers
Covid for farmers only, but  no covid for BJP meetings in HYDERABAD ghmc election ralleys, roadshows, meetings? UP CM, AMITH SHAW, MODI MEETINGS....... THERE IS NO COVID?
I know nothing is gonna happen against him and godi media would never change 
We are with Kisan bhai, stop donating to faaltu programs like PM Cares etc and start donating to this noble cause where people really care ...let Kisaan get justice, let there be peace !!!!!
Nope, call it Punjabi farmer protest, rest of the Indian farmers are not protesting, & yes the steps are taken towards private corporate farming, which already happens in countries like USA by the way, this could actually be beneficial to small scale farmers who don't have capital to develop their land
I am not saying farm bills are bad but given the implementation record of our government, as seen with GST, demonetisation, 370 etc i am not sure it will benefit farmers more than corporates in near future. Besides govt is not ready to guarantee MSP in writing.  These bills are far better for big educated farmers who understand market,law,can read fine prints of comtracts (like Kerala) than marginal ones who comprise almost 80% of farmers.
One crucial element in this protest is FEAR. A big chunk of farming constitutes 'Middle Man'. Worth of Middle Man is in Million/Billion. This Middle Man FEARing he would lose his SAY in the whole process. 
1. Reduction in farmers from 80% to 40% and next generation of these farmers never wanting to go back after getting education and past experiences of their pathetic life.
Be remember this is only one news channel that support us in hard time behind godi media
Govt took right decision by repealing farm laws, indian deserves socialism not evil capitalism.
Edit: The government is misguided, not the farmers.
Our farmers sleeping on road in cold and rain, 20 farmers died. It's so sad we are suffering because of our own government.
The killer of 750+ farmers has suddenly become saviour of the farmers. Wah modiji wah
Thank you so much for sharing actual incident that happened over there.. Our countrys BHAGATS should know the importance of supporting farmers before it get too late 
India's new agri laws have potential to raise farm income: IMF's Gita Gopinath
Gooooooooo the farmer's, its time to stand for your rights... untill you take it back...
Congratulations, and welcome warm welcome to our all indian hardworking farmers...
We appreciate VOX. Please help us from dictorship of modi government because they are inhuman.. RIP indian media
also ... one who says that they wont let us host the indian flag on independence day, do you really think they're farmers?
What about those who are saying we won't leave protest without retreating of all three bills? Is that right for India? Do you not think some farmer leaders are politically motivated? Have you heard speech those so called farmer leaders saying we want only retreat of thrice bill as there is no benefit for farmer in these bills?
I wish this gets more views than those pretend-to-know-it-all celebs who are pro/anti farmers bill on twitter/SM. Amazing video, can finally make sense of this situation. Still hard to say if this will prove beneficial/detrimental to our farmers.
if such foolish government really want to give benefits of these 3 bills to farmers...now they don't want this bill so government should remove from the parliament....jio wala hisab ho jayega ye bills agar raha to..
Thoo hai aisi politics pe jab fayda diktha hai tabhi kam krthe hai, kithma joot boltha hai bhi, by the way congratulations to farmers 
I am olso belong to farmer family so mein farmers wala hi ha
Overall the main pain is for the middlemen who used to get a massive commission without any effort. Keeping this in mind then we should look at the farmer's protest.
   May I suggest you please to start selling wheat in packets or bags of 25 kg each at MSP ( minimum support price ) in bazar during your yatra and also at Delhi border where farmers are doing andolan. Every family consumes about 25 kg in one or two months. People will buy it. Since a large part of society has sympathy for farmers ,they will buy as an expression of sympathy for farmers. This will be a new trend in marketing of food grains. Farmer's dependence on anaj mandis will decrease. Through your andolan you can start a new marketing trend.
Idiot mandi system exists only in 2 states of India haryana and punjab which covers only 5% of the total number of farmers and also these farmers are rich compare to others and also those who do suicide are mainly from Maharashtra mp up and southern part and this bill is mainly focus on them.
Heart touching video brother.please make more such videos  to spread awareness among the common masses who are not supporting farmers.
#No Farmers No Food  
Good. The hundreds of farmers who died for this will not be forgotten. Modi is still a villain though. That won't be forgotten either.
Our plates are full its not like we are affording it. Its bcz farmers are cultivating for us
Besides these bill offerings, APMC culture is untouched, farmers can still sell their goods in APMC, like old days, no compulsion.
happy for farmers...
What about those farmers who is willing and happy with additional option to sell.
Be brave and strong dear farmers
Mai janta hu abhi kuch aese log honge jo farmers ko hi glt smjh rhe honge akhir samne wali party bjp jo h 
These are not really farmers. After every demand, their new demand will come.
thank u lallantop for covering the whole senior of farmers protest
What u did not mention that the whole protest is bcoz farmers dont trust the govt....and if its not open market whats the point of roping in private players...agar regulate hi karna he govt ko to execute kyu nahi?...why to give up the profit to pvt players who will use the money o rent chartered flights in the time of pandemic while govt will use the profit to support the community during the pandemic...and there is also a third dimension beyond farmers and buyers...employees of the company who are (particularly those in the lower strata like delivery boys) gets shitty salary from pvt companies while govt pays much equitable salary from the delivery boy to ceo, also social security is much higher
They only grow rice and get minimum support price on their crop their deliberate growing of same crop to get 100% MSP is injustice to rest of the framers of India 
In these Bills there's nothing against farmers and second thing you said India has farmers how are double the USA population so why are so less farmers protesting.
Farmers are right mam
I support farmers, but also known congress can't improve anything. So no vote for Congress
if the people get paid by congress or any foreign agencies , to hold protests is shameful . The people protesting are not even farmers .... and did you see the people protesting are Sikhs , and not any Maharashtra farmers , they don't have any problem with the bill , the protesters want their territory to be a separate parts called Khalistan and not India .....and why would the government not do anything if the protesters damage public property .. do they pay for it .... think before commenting my child
So these guys left india didi nothing for india became usa citizens and are worried about indian farming bills wow just give me a break .
These are rich wealthy land owners and middle men who are posing as poor farmers
We are spot farmers.......
Sir there is a gov body between farmer and corporate companies to prevent farmer exploitation - free marketing can really work and give new positive push to green revolution anyway we should agree to the point APMC loopholes are being exploited majorly by experts gundas mafias and broker's and causing greater damage we need new better system so why not accept Ordinances which might help rather doing nothing for our farmers
Move ahead of U.P elections but still a great win for the farmers.
7.3 dislike thinks they are better than farmers and modi is the real farmer :):)
Real farmers are robert vadra and rahul gandhi .
This isn't farmer protest this is a religious protest. Farmers dont carry religious flags. Lets be clear on that. @vice you are respectable and trust worthy I believe. Kindly don't be idiotic in promoting religious aggression. There are many other to do that. Thanks
This farmers are less farmers and more Hindu sesh bhakt during elections... illiteracy isn't problem but new generation has eroded IQ which our ancestors successfully used to kept BJP out of power.
Sounds like a slow BJP propaganda. She talks about US, but doesn't mention how the corporates have exploited farmers
They said this is a black Bill but doesn't  know neither explain what is black in this bill. They said fix MSP but they don't  understand  the prices of every product fluctuate with the fluctuations of the demand and supply in the marketplace.
Thanks for the video. Just one quesiton to the people opposing this bills. If farmer wont get a MSP from a Private company, why cant he go back and sell in APMG/Mandi as usual where he gets the MSP. These are newly added laws but aren't replacing any current laws.
730+ farmers sacrificed their lives for this day
Hi Dhiru, I am MODI supporter however I like your vedio.
Please remember 600 farmers has lost their life .. please keep that in mind vote wisely..
i love  you lions  farmers  of india and punjab i love farmers billions time.
4. Farmers cannot go to courts in case of dispute. The new law allow all contract farming dispute to be handled at S.D.M level. Farmers fear that sdm is appointed by ruling party and as there is too much corruption in india sdm will favor rich corporates and they will not get justice from sdm as they are highly influenced by rulling party also how poor farmer will fight legally against elite corporates.
This proves that all is fare in love and war.. election ka Lena Dena nahi hai .. as people of India is intelegent enough to whom they should vote or not to vote.. Rome is not build in a day.. Jai Hind
You made my day , as most of it was true. I am with farmer's.
Farmer  is crying 
Millions of farmers are protesting .
Kudos to Our Farmers.... Finally we won... ...Tight slap to andhbhakts...There Papa slayed them in seconds ...RIP Andhbhakts 
Please make one more video on farm bill. ..
Why repeal? Leave it to the states. Farmers in some states are entrepreneurial like Gujarat. Farmers had the opportunity of contract farming, raise investment and share risk of farming with large companies. All that gone. 
Punjab's Growth has been consistently lesser than that of Haryana too.
Aisa act kis kaam ka jo ki small farmers ke issues ko consider nahi karta....Small farmers are in dilemma and fear as they were earlier.
              This too will become a jumla, farmers will be upset again, see.
Good job ..  MSP is must for the farmers
Please Support Farmers........wo hamarai aan datta hai.   Please support
Why BJP came with this law....they didn't want to be defamed, that was for Farmer's so that Gov. complete their target in 2022 by improving Farmer's income so BJP can win in 24. Short strategic mistake or politics by opposition ruins this law
No words virasat sandhu veere to describe how beautiful this song.is proud to be a farmers child,a Punjabi,a Sardar.              keep rising and shining virasat veere .
Though China isnt happy with the aggression and expansionist policy of India, we still support grass-root Indians to fight for their rights. Jai Hind 
Great video! From a reporting perspective, I think it's also important to mention that the IMF and a lot of economic scholars and farmers from other states are supporting the laws. While I support the open protests and right to dissent, I don't support stubble burning which is a major cause of environmental pollution in neighboring states, and believe that needs to be addressed by the government and the farmers together. I hope the farmers and the government arrive to a conclusion with a balanced policy soon.
Thank u for giving such a information about farm bill 
Huge love and respect for farmers from Pakistan  
Salute to the Farmers
Shayad aapko pta ni govt apmc ko remove ni krri vo sirf contract farming ko allow krri...even u can sell ur produce in APMC...get ur facts clear 
Let's go #FARMERS#WORLDWIDE WE HAVE TO FIGHT AS ONE
Not all of india,just delhi and in punjab ; The states which has highest farmers suicide their govt and thier unions are in favour of this law, but yes why tell whole story for a perfect propaganda
Now I understood and I stand with the farmers
To answer Rihanna's question "why is no one talking about this": what the farmers are protesting is the lack of regulation and corporates with too much power. News media, whether CNN or FOX, are having a hard time framing it as "look at this problem that some third-world country has that would absolutely not happen in the glorious 'merica".  If they report on it, they risk the Americans suddenly realizing that they live in the same situation.
Irrational information, the same farmers and congress protested for these laws back in the days, I don't support BJP but I am not finding any solid reason to support the protests as well.
For cartel of politicians and corporates or farmers and laymen.
Contract farming bhi pehle si punjab me chl rhi
I invite vice News in my country village sendhwa  india bihar  jehanabad there you will  find  real farmer and those who are on the road basically they are businessman  they don't want walfare of small and modrate farmer  india is a land of farmer  so why only Punjab farmers was worry about that law not any other states farmer participated in that protest that was the  drama  by congress and khalistan supporter
I think bills will come back on third term of Modiji
You missed the WB election result impact on BJP
Yes you are correct, AMUL made a base for small farmers. Even today in Gujarat amul regulates the price of milk. Each and every village ( whether small or big) has amul milk collection centre AMCC. also amul subsidize farmers to boost     milk production.
I know all this in detail..and this is against farmers.....
Suppose MSP for wheat is Rs. 1975 for 1 quintal and farmer is selling wheat to private party at Rs. 1800 then Government can consider subsidising the deficit of Rs. 175 per quintal. However, this is dangerous as this will encourage rampant fraud where all private buyers will start offering lower and lower prices merely to benefit from the subsidy given out from taxes collected from the masses.
People like you are the reason of downfall of our society and farmers.
Mr Dr. Your information is not correct, about APMC act and Farmers right to sell. 
Proper guidance to farmers and Rural youth is the need of the hour so that self employment opportunities can be created through these new ACTs.
Well done farmers . It takes a big person recognition his mistakes  well done Modi. Now bring the country together.
I think farm bills are good and they are revolutionary as well.
Can we just stop and ask why only the Punjab and Haryana farmers are predominantly protesting? Why is it that smaller farmers in Maharashtra ,Gujarat and Kerala or Tamil Nadu arent in these protests? They will actually benefit from these laws with lesser restrictions on selling their produce to private markets.This is necessary for the smaller farmers to survive and not loose their money to middle men !
You have explained everything very logically sir. The Govt. should rectify the flows in the bill. Farmers should not suffer anymore.
You have not answered why farmers from Punjab are protesting against new laws despite there will be no Mandi Tax 8 to 8.5% as per new laws.
We support indian farmer's.. 
*BJP = Congress.*
You always talk of both the sides but in this video it was one sided many famers have exploited their lands by doing aggressive agriculture they dont want to pay taxes and plus need minimum support price also they are not completely wrong but there is always a grey part its not always black or white
700 farmer lives could have been saved if agrarian laws were scraped earlier.
2. How middle men or 'becholia' rule the market by taking in commission and farmers are already at loss by the Mandi system. The Mandi tax is also a share (huge share) or revenue for the state government. 
Very well said bhai jaan thax for supporting farmers 
He actually said something opposite what farmer leaders are saying
I think BJP too has left Godi Media on their own. They had prior information of many imp things but reg this withdrawal, which is a very crucial matter,  they were clueless 
How a Bill for Agriculture Can be Anti Farmer ...?? 
Farmers and selective Billing , in Punjab , of Electricity charges on 
I thought it was bad , now explanation made to support the bill
I proud of modi ji
Thanks for showing our farmers news , bcz our mainstream media totally ignoring farmers struggles
Sir it's a request to make this vedio in hindi so that our farmers should also know about this bill more clearly . As most of them protesting don't even know what is presented in the bill , media is interpreting wrong , ultimately resulting in riots .
Plz get to know what is there in these laws why farmers are against these laws.
The ones who are protesting are not in majority. The majority of farmers support farm laws.
Soon new bill of good motive will be passed for farmers.
Sorry to say beta modi is a sher for india u can't do anything .
#RealFarmersSupportTheBill
No farmer no food please sport farmers 
I think all the farmer should see sir's lecture once
ADHA SAJIADHA farmers nahi hai
Iss desh me reform lana kafi muskil h. Well wishes for farmers.
There was no violence for 2 months farmers protesting at borders,but today Modi sent his troops and goons to spoil the protest, yet farmers controlled the situation, some of the goons have been caught vandalising vehicles.
One more thing u mentioned that now farmers can sell their products in other states too, before farm bills they were also allowed to sell their products in other states except APMC.......u are twisting the fact that they can sell anywhere but reality is that more than 70% famrers have only hectare land and they are counted in very small farmers.... And small farmers  can never afford transportation prices to sell few kgs of items by travelling in other states....ur previous videos are great but u didn't research much while making this video, u just read the out those 3 farm bills and nothing else. One call fool ppl who didn't read these read these but i can counter ur every arguments on this bill. So do more research and the make a proper video based on facts.
Farmers war started throuhgh india, jsihind
This won't help the Government Propoganda of doubling the farmers income by 2022
The real loser here is only the state of Punjab and the farmers of Punjab because other states with BJP government will implement the laws at state level.
Beautiful and comprehensive explaination if farmer's bill
konsi badia country MSP guarantee karti hai and usse government pressurized nhi ho jayegi farmers ki crops khareedne ke liye? Kyuki private sector will not buy on MSP. And government budget pr kya effect aayega if MSP is guaranteed?
Do the farmers there own their own land?
Oh really if the market price is Rs 10 and the contract was agreed upon Rs 20. By this example you can literally showcase that the farmer will get the benefit. But what if the marekt price turns into Rs 30 and the contract was on Rs 20 in that case farmer ko loss ni hoga kya ???? This is regarding the example you gave at 3:50 sec video time.
Everyone should support these innocent Farmers who have been harrassed by ...
And last year private sector  take jawar. 2000 rs and now this present year the private giving rate of 600 rs now where is govt now they are many other reasons mam dont search on google or else where come on ground level   Talk with farmers what they whant    What are their problems with private sector  u are only. Apmc is bad new reform bill is good  come on ground level gain proper knowledge about farmers and govt. and then give knowledge to other i am not agaist u.  But pls their are so big problems are their that are not disscusion on this video  pls come on ground level mam  and u can see videos on youtube  about this matter  on punjab how farmers are reacting and how. Punjab singers and actors. Are againt this bill. Like diljit dosanjh. Are many other u are saying bihar  bihar dont have APMC mandi from 2006. Thats why the farmer are so  poor their the private dont give full money bihar people come other states for work  they also come in punjab. , can u see punjabis they can going in bihar for work. Because  apmc we have assured price.   When you are on ground level then u see. What are the problems in ground. If you read the bill is like wow. It help farmer but their are different in reading the  bill or searching on google intract with punjab farmers they u will know about this 
Bhayia not any personal fight but 90 percent of agricultural experts are saying that these laws could bring a reform in the agriculture sector and about 80% farmers which ate small farmers could get benefit. Acc to experts only some changes must be done in these laws which goverment was agreeing upon. and I remind you   that you are not any expert .
Hey that you know....Ki agar koi Company kisi Farmar ke sath contract Farming karti hai to....Vo us Zamin par Loan bhi le sakti...hai....or agar they are not paying loan to vo loan Farmer ko barna padega. ......Or minimum Support price hai jo...Major problem or kafi problems hai...And you are telling one sided
Ofcourse new regulations should look out for farmers, but perhaps deregulating the sector and allowing corporates to operate would mean cheaper prices. That would benefit all Indians, and not just one particular sector.
Farmer first down with bloody andhbhakts traitors
This is major setback for Indian Agricultural sector. middelman interest prevails over poor farmer.
But majority of farmers are still poor
These are fake farmers .. jo in logo ne Delhi ne kiya vo pure desh ne dekho tha..
Stand with farmersnot with sampadaks that were gone to jail
Shame on Modi Government. #westandwithfarmers #nofarmernofood
Indian farmers representative is part of Khalistan? disrespect of national flag??
After watching this video I am wondering why farmers are protesting for all three bills instead of buyers/ general public who, according to this video will bear the high costs but then it could also be true these protesters are actual big players of mandi who doesn't want to loose their own monopoly.
Many Congratulations to the farmers! Democracy got a new lease of life.
God help  the Indian farmer  may God victory  to farmer
remunerative price. If further presure is put on farmers then farmers would abandon farming altogether. Then what they will do? There are 60 crore people dependent on farming in India. Would service sector provide work for all of them. Because manufacturing sector is already in doldrums.
Thank you, finally Modi Govt had no choice but all the farmers must be aware it is not over yet. This repeal has to happen in the Parliament, Modi Govt. will have to go into the Parliament seeking for repeal to the same people he went and got this approved overnight. Fight is NOT OVER it. 
how does one distinguish these farmers being genuinely mistreated, or just another special interest group barring other potential competitors?
I support you India!
we r not buying food for free..paisa deke khareedte hai..farmers hai toh kya award de unko..and jiomart is far better than mandi..these r not even farmers..these are paid goons
The Indian government has taken a Gargantuan shit on Indian farmers for years!
These andh bhakts called farmers terrorists
If they are so much attached emotionally they say , they shouldn't have left their homeland in the first place they don't even know what the farmers are facing over here these so called protesters are just defaming thier nation by doing such fake protests n all , moerover many of them are showing the flag of Khalistan,  what's that about ? Just leave the nation alone like u did by going and settling to other nation ...
Thank you BBC for continued coverage of Indian Farners. They're struggle is like looking in to the past and future for all farming and agriculture around the world. Past, from US agriculture perspective, where farmers are forever in debt and it's easier to conglomerate until a few big companies manage all the farming land. Future, because all other countries that have yet to admit big agricultural companies can see how profits over people will crush their current community structure.  like watching a slow steamroller raise your house.
They were not farmers they were just sepratists who came in with swords and sticks. 
I am from india.. I love India.. I bron in India... I respect my country.. I respect all human being. I love my prime minister sir Narendra modi. But our county some people no want to follow any rules. No want to follow government rules.. No want any kind of bill... Thataway today we have very Backward for another country.... Mostly world people like our culture, our place.. And respect India always... But our people don't know about this..we all very lucky we bron in India.. If u bron in chaina, Saudi Arabia, Dubai or etc.. U people can't do like this.... Plz respect always government...protest is good.. We can protest..but repect fully... Not like this... If u visit in foren  country after maybe u people understand.... How people like much in India... Jai hind...
Ye bjp hi tho jo itne din baith paye congress hoti to abhi tak to sab nipat lete.
Common man point: if these bills will be implemented , then any registered company can buy and stock crop in unlimited quantity and store it till prices touch the sky, so black market will emerge and wheat which is around Rs.1800 per quintal will be more than this, no control will be  of government on it , so common man have to pay high for food(wheat,rice, vegitable,fruits etc etc)
i live in haryana and a daughter of a farmer .
Repeal Anti Farmer Bill.
This video started explaining about farm bill, But ended explaining how powerful central government is and its supremacy  over federation. This video says supreme court is good for nothing. It says central government favours only some states and it can go to any extent to curb federal powers of its non ruling states.
So conclusion is that there should be a heavy debate in both house before passing any law so we can get a soln which ultimately helpful to farmer .
Also, you, with your global reach can get the copies of the three laws. Have it reviewed by the best lawyers and experts. You will then know that these laws are for he benefits and wellbeing of our Farmers.
Please also  discuss killing of 4 BJP workers and one of them belongs to farmer family his father is 70 year old have only one son and hence lost
Much respect to the Farmers 
I dont need big beurocracy, those guys have no respect to common people( govt. offices for eg), Farmers need freedom.
Farmers have to think on longer time scales than most people because they have to plant way ahead of when they harvest.  So offering a delay of 18 months probably doesn't have the same psychological effect as it would to a city dweller.
We elect government. Should government serve Indian people. We will elect good , educatied, sense  and gentle man CM and PM, not like baba and nonsense mind leader who are in BJP.
It's sad to said that it is not resolved even today and Mr. Modi is worst than Trump. He is just wearing a mask of goodness but the real fact is that he is supporting MNCs and creating all ways to make them more richer... The Bjp ruled states have worst situation even the farmers there can't protest...and now due to ellections he has just supressed the situation but the problem still prevails
Modi ji ko strict action lena chahiye, public aapke saath hai
Entry of coperate in farm sector was main complain , arityas has already done what coperate were about to done i.e sucking farmers
Waheguru ji ka khalsa Waheguru ji ki fateh to all of you live long happy healthy life many years to come Modi he is a blind man and his supporters they are blind deaf people's too we want Modi to come out and sleep out side the way we're going to this hard times but you people's are blind and deaf Dirty Modi and his government we're going to to win the fight the truth all ways wins  Waheguru ji ka khalsa Waheguru ji ki fateh to all of you  and the whole world 
BJP sponsored video...Throughout the video she kept talking about how APMC is being misused but did not tell how the new bills would fix these issues..Also all the points she makes are from the govt perspective..At no point did she talk about why the farmers are protesting against the bill..Towards the end she talks about Shanta Kumar(who headed the committe), who himself is a BJP leader and former HP CM...The committee never mentioned of only 6% farmers getting MSP in the report they submitted..Infact, the 6 % figure comes from a remark of Shanta Kumar in a recent interview, where he alleges that the farmers protesting are the 6% of "elite " farmers..He then goes on to say that only 6% farmers get MSP..So, it's just a remark, not factual data..
Among thousands of great stories, one that stood out for me is the newspaper wala distributing 25-30 different newspapers and free so farmers are aware. This NDTV video should be shown to every Indian now and for centuries.
Asking for MSP for proucts that are stocked in for almost 3 yrs for indian population which amounts to 1.8 lac crore in godown and is rottting , still they want govt to buy and not want to sell in open market. why dont they create good godowns and cold storages for storing the produce.
If the police is real the son of farmer. He should remove the uniform and join the protest.
Short answer: Capitalists became Feudalists and farmers protest becoming their peasants
Huge respect for farmers.
Just tell your viewer,  farmers of Punjab  are happy by paying Mandi texes because they don't want to depend on centre for their own development moreover 1.if this bill that much beneficial why Bihar is poor state.
ASEAN farmers should pay more attention to this... Our thoughts and prayer be with you farmers of india...
If you want to improve the farmers situation in India,you need some changes.Without changes the situation will remain the same.
Power to the people. Victory to the Indians.
Just farmers of 3 states were protesting and I womder they are so poor that they could fund protests for one year... They are essentially intermediaries and treaders who could not see they commission going away... There are lots of small farmers benefited from this but no no no. .. why do we focus on positive till negative news can help to earn TRP. Indian problems are uniquely indian and western countries can't do much except spreading their version and possibly defame other countries.. remember, they were reforms and leaders of so called protests were supporting it initially until they saw political opportunity.
Thanks on making this video on India's farmers protect it help our democracy but I was not sure you  had the full picture about these protest out of 29 state only 2 state farmers are protesting so the question is why rest of 27 states farmers are not protesting. So I hope you will have some ethics in yourself and find out the reason and make more informative video next time thanks and you should read some of comments which tell you the story from both sides.
Best video on this issue. Agriculture does need a lot of reforms but with a close watch by the regulators or government. Otherwise corporates can easily exploit farmers. We have seen it in case of Ola/Uber or Jio. Hopefully the government and the farmers watch this and settle this issue for the good of all.
I support farmers!! Every sane Indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers!!
Farmers need once stop producing food for other for year of two then the world will know what they meant for their nation
Mam you said that with the new bills the funds of states will suffer......but I think it hardly matters because even if the states collect this tax....they eat it up themselves rather than using it for development. Here , in Punjab I know..... there's no one who actually knows where the funds to be used for development have gone !!!! The people from various parties are worried bcuz now they won't ever be able to make money through corruption since the new farm bills come!
This model is already followed in Bihar side then why there is so much migration from bihar and other farm villages to Punjab and haryana , although it is for the welfare of them ??????? A big question
One of the biggest issues pointed out by farmers is the fact that the bills exclude a price guarantee mechanism like MSP.
Thank you for telling their stories. Keep fighting farmers from India 
First she says no debate on law but in video's she sided by farmer... Mam here both side... Be a journalist
Let these fool punjab farmer bbe poor
Roudys on roads no farmers.
Apmc me pahle 6 percent farmers fayda uthate the. 
Now godi's don't have any options rather supporting BJP, if they leaves Godi, India anyways never accept them..
He is man of guts.. we are with u modi ji..Indians will never question ur honesty towards nation.. Still i request u .pls do something for improvement of farmers 
If these laws are going to make so damn unimagibaly great profit to farmers that despite of 6 months and a crore ppl pleading to repeal it and a 100 ppl losing their lives fighting against the media defamation.. govt still decides not to repeal it .  Why not the same govt continue to buy in FCI with MSP and sell to private buyers with the same extra ordinary profit it is claiming about ? Why force private farmers to get into it and not go for a win win that will keep both parties happy .. unless the agenda is anonymous ????????
Congratulations to farmers
Dalal Not Farmers.
This time modi messed with the wrong people. Punjabis And Haryanvis! 
Sidhansu So rahe they 15mah se.. MSP samaje nahi ata hai to Tikait School needs guidelines...which  he is not aware
victory of our farmers well done..
You seemed to be very contented and happy while talking all these words about Kisan Andolan, Ravish Ji. I was waiting for you to bring some bulletin on this and you did. Well done as a media person like always 
Middleman lobby,   are in tension.. their commission will be eliminated. I am farmer , I am happy with this bill
Tikayat has reached such a stage  where he is ready to say that his children are children of his villagers ,he doesn't  know how many children he has, he may tell that he doesn't  believe the present children are his ,if they are let it come from lab test from USA ,he may say that because of farmers agitation he has not been able to see his children so his children should be made IAS and each should get compensation of 500 lakhs each .let adharcard and death certificate of 600 deaths be verified .same is applicable for rahul and nawab mallik
despite of unveiling real problems of farmers u looked more a mouthpiece of government
Respect all farmers but this protest is backed by politicians and khalistani.  True farmers are being mislead... Farmers in other part of India are not protesting... So BBC need to show full picture not just the clips suits their anti India propaganda
Today congress is trying to be so aggressive on farm bill. 
Our farmer brothers are very inspiring.
Good clarification and explanation thanks for you India's 120 crore peoples this will understanding well very well is very good a and other terrorist support political not hair  job get out from my countries out
I sleep with....no... i mean i stand with farmers.
One solution for farmers: become capitalists
The brutality with which they were lynching the BJP karyakartas clearly shows that they were not farmers. 
Also the Vox has failed to report that the farmer is free to sell his produce to Govt regulated Mandis or to private players
Let say Government fixed an MSP too high. Even if the demand of the foodgrain is absent, contractors/ company have to pay high amount. This will create an market inefficiency leading to corruption through government channels. 
How we will solve the problem  of farmers??
#IndiansSupportFarmBills
Indian farmer
80 farmers died in protest also mention it BBC, because our national media is solving some very crucial issues, like :- follow celebrities, politician vist and debates on nothing.
Ye bilkul sahi hai ki contract farming se pvt companies pehle jo price bolti hai wo bad ma nahi deti hai
"This is an attempt to make, by far the most unbiased and simplest video on the farm bills on the internet"
Central Govt. is just greedy to earn Money as TAX from these all "BIG FISHES" in the name of Welfare of Farmers.
Democracy wins and salute to our Farmers. Jai Hind 
the government must do whatever is needed for our farmers and stop all this... It is time to step back a little as things are going out of hand and it's bleeding all over the country.
People of Kerala supports the farmers
Look at their faces. They are not genuine farmers. It's all about politic and not farm laws .
Indian media is so government owned that they are calling farmers terrorist now XD
If kisaan protest the defense comes from kisaan family ... If army Jawan then defense comes from army background ... If dalit protest then defense comes from dakit family ... See govt have different different categories to stop protests ... What a mirical ... No other country I'll have that kind of defense chootiya cntry chootiya defense ....
We are farmer.we are happy. Do not spread wrong news.
Farmers 'organizations are breaking the trust of the people in the courts of India by raising their voices against the law. The farmers' movement has done great damage to the country.
farmers inefficient with agriculture but leaving agriculture to profit hungry coorps is just opens food supply to manipulations
And praying This Farmer Protest finish peacefully and they all go back home Happily 
There is no question on the need for laws to get rid of unscrupulous middlemen between farmers and consumers. How does taking away Mandis going to help? Mandis were set up to prevent exploitation of farmers in the first place! How come it become breeding ground for middle man??
When people say that it's optional for the farmer whether to lease the farm to a private company or not.. I think that private companies can easily use their cash bulk to force farmers economically for first few years.. but in the long run.. they will just be establishing their monopoly and taking away any other options that farmers may have.. once agriculture is monopolized, the companies can then start exploiting farmers just like they did in case of Uber drivers.
Jaisa Osama Bin Ladin 911 ke waqt New York se dur tha, isi thera Teni Maharaj bi shayad kishano ki maut ki jagha se dur the... they may have only peovided financial and emtional  support to the killers.
Eagerly waiting for the result of up election when people will kick yogi oUT of the up
 When Modi turned two, India held its first general elections in 1952.
This is an extremely one sided video. You are very removed from ground reality for farmers madam. Throwing economic jargon and concepts randomly to construct a narrative.
1).More than 70% of wheat and paddy produce in Punjab & Haryana is procured under MSP and they are saying 6% on all India basis which is wrong as other farmers are not having marketable surplus (10 Crore out of 14.6 crore farmers have land holding less than 1 ha and major area is under rained).   2). Punjab, Haryana & Rajasthan are the only state which engage Ardthiyas/ Commission agent in procurement and in other states (like MP which contributes equal to Punjab in central pool, procures through Primary Agril Credit Societys/ Gram Sahkari Sewa Samiti). Ardthiyas have earned more than Rs. 800 crore in wheat procurent (only in Punjab & Haryana). Why procurement  is happening through Mandies as PACS are capable which is farmers body. - SKM is not demanding this as procurement centre will near to farmer and scheduling of arrival can be monitored. PACS will make profit and more services like Storage, Grading, processing, etc can be set up at PACS level. It is happening in other States like MP, Chhatisgarh, Odisha, Telangana and UP has also started.  3). MSP to be made as base price for auction in Mandies so Govt needn't to procure and farmers are free to sell outside the Mandies as per new act. SKM is not demanding that MSP to be made as base price for auction. SKM is just saying MSP guarantee which is creating confusion so demand should be specific. 4). SKM leaders are creating confusion that how a small farmer will sell the produce of 1 or 2 qtl in Bangalore or Chennai. In this connection, Central Govt has a target of 10000 Farmers Producers organisation(FPOs) means one FPO/ Block which will aggregate farm produce and will negotiate with traders. These FPOs will be managed by Farmers themselves by hiring professionals and Central Govt is giving more than 25 lakh./ FPO as a grant. FPO is the most efficient marketing channel and local rural youth can be motivated and guided properly. Ardthiyas/ Commission agent shouldn't be member of FPOs.(Visit SFAC/ NABARD/NCDC website). In Addition to FPOs, Rural youth can form their rural Cooperatives ( 15-20 rural youth or may be rural youth of entire village) of marketing which may set up private market yards or e-trading centre. These rural cooperatives will get their service charge or can set up their processing unit and can have tie up with Retailers(like Reliance dress, Big Bazar or can open their marketing outlet in nearby city). Moong will be produced by farmers and will be procured by local rural cooperative which can set up their pulse unit also and Govt schemes are available. 5). 75% of  305 million tonne foodgrains ( cereals + pulses as oilseeds is not a part of foodgrains) consists of wheat and paddy ( 235 million tonnes) which means coarse cereals ( like Bajra, maize, Zowar, ragi, Mundua, etc) and pulses have production of only 70 mt of which small proportion of farmers have marketable surplus but we import the pulses so farmers of Punjab & Haryana and Western UP should go for diversification of crops as water table and soil fertility is also an issue in these areas.  6). Some commodities like Bajra, Maize, Jowar, Mandua, Ragi should be included in PDS by respective State govt so that procurement from farmers will happen at local level. Karanataka Govt has included Ragi in PDS system. SKM is not having this demand bcoz it will affect the procurement of Wheat & Paddy in Punjab & Haryana as maximum Kisan Morcha leaders are from these States. 7). 43% large farmers (> 10ha) and 22% medium farmers (> 4 ha) of the country are from Western Rajasthan and we can easily understand their level of production. SKM is not aware about the definition of farmers so we can understand their level of awareness about farmers problems. They are just befooling the Entire country. 8). More than 7 Crore Farmers have land holding less Than 0.5 ha and PM Samman Nidhi of Rs. 6000/- is a big help to them. Govt is giving Samman to all farmers otherwise it could have saved more than 30000 cr/-.
Because of this funded brats from different countries and congress, now real farmers who are supporting this bills, will have to suffers.
The whole farm protest was misrepresented in Media. The farmers who were protesting themselves wanted change in farm law and existing farming practices. But not the way govt had proposed. For eg, take the mandi or auction yard, govt wishes to do away with it. But farmers want to keep it as it's a support system for farmers. Without Mandies, it would like skydiving without a spare parachute.
This is the real picture  of profit and loss of three bills brought by the govt for the welfare of  farmers. No doubt  these three bills  are against of middle  men of mandies,who were going rich to rich and kissan were going  poor to poor.
Thank u so much sir, for the information. I work as gram panchayat secretary this information will help me in guiding the farmers, I will share this video with my friends too...thank you sir.
Very nice .. farmer
Some crabs are only good for leg pulling. All farmers would suffer now...
Greeta toolkit proof that 26 january is a preplanned event. That is why farmer union rejected all govt proposal before 26.
One of media persons said "woh (police) aapke samne hath jod rahe hai"... This shows media is against the farmers..  Godi Media
PS. - FARMERS are MORE Educated than MPs & MLAs
Just think if Contract Farming Bill get passed:
People are scared but think if msp as a concept is not removed altogether, and allowed to remain, while giving farmers unlimited, unending choice between apmc and industrialists (it should not be like "ok but you said you'll go with reliance, so you cant come back to apmc because your deal didnt work out") there shouldn't be a problem at all.
If msp isnt there ....tb bhi to exploit hote h farmers...tamatr pyaj sabji example h...give msp on each item....dynamic msp should be there...ab govt ko thoda mehnat to krna padega...sab kuchh free nhi chhod skta...baki kahi becho..koi issue nhi...
Western liberal democracy doesn't work on India,  India should create their economic and political system.  That or let Punjabi be their own country.
WHERE ARE SO CALLED BIG STARS WHO TAKE STAND FOR EVERYONE NOW OUR FARMERS WHO GIVE FOOD ARE ON THE ROADS WHERE ARE THE BOLLYWOOD STARS
Really happy to see our Farmer brothers winning over the long struggle to dismiss those laws .....
What about the legal recourse available to farmers? If the only place they can go and complain to is the Babu sitting at that job it creates an atmosphere of corruption. Anyone who has had to register a piece of property or any such thing under the babus who run the country know that nothing moves without greasing palms. And the grease goes all the way up the minister who can influence the posting of the Babu. So essentially the netas are feeding themselves with this system. Wont it put more of a squeeze on the farmer? How is this better than the middle man?
There should be a reason for bringing these laws....and  PM Modi cannot come up with a solid reason why....says it will benefit farmers....HOW? When?  Says it wil benefit the Nation...HOW...?....if its something long term....that cannot be asked of people who live on a day by day income profit basis...a loss margin can only be tolerated by those who can....if u ask daily wage workers to wait for 6 months and work at a lower rate and at the end of 6 months...ul get a huge sum..is it practical?. I am curious....if anyone can answer pls do....
I am very disappointed with you modiji... couple of so called farmers does not mean all the farmers...Dont do it modiji..entire nation will understand near about what they would loss...You set an example that any law can be repeal by creating pressure ...against some so called farmers...
Respect our farmers
If Indian farmers block traffic and protest in my country like that, I will send my request to government to expatriate them.
What about fruad farmers who mercilessly killed the driver and three others in the car , they don't deserve any punishment?
.. plz all F.I.R against Famers protester must be withdraw and those who die during protest mst be compensate  immediately
No farmer No food 
No farmers no food priorities them
Other lives also matter , not only farmers 
This is win of Anarchy over democracy. Protesting farmers were not even 5% of total farmers.
Secondly,  in the middle of the video you people mentioned that farmer can't sell their produce in any other state mandi, so i correct you that you are wrong at this point, from years there is a single rule for the farmer that he can sell his produce in all over the nation, and no one can question the farmer for any kind of documentation and other stuff..!!
BJP will not survive in India for much longer
Lots of love Dhruv bhaiyya for supporting India farmers
The coppers are very rude to the poor farmer .
I'm bjp supporter/voter but agree with this video. there should be ground level practical solution for this problem. this is not true solution.
Once, Modi decides on any issue, he never backs off. Take the example of GST and demonetization. BJP came to power again in 2019 LS elections, after its implementation.
Kisaan Or student ke liye covid sale net a election
Victory of 5 % farmers and loss for the rest 95% of Indian farmers
It's better to make MSP legal, so that this type of Evil activities won't happen and Farmers don't do suicide.
Just look at NZ: they stopped subsidizing their farmers heavily. Their agro economy is actually GROWING in spite of being a developed economy.
I have a farming land and there is a farmer in my village who grows wheat and rice.We pay him for that.What is this system called?I am from bihar.
Till now millions of farmers daily commit suicides may be this bill spark reforms
Without farmers there is no food.... we should support to farmers
Sir you have said MSP should be in written not legal. Then how will make sure that farmers will get it's reasonable price. Govt. Can't buy full produce but it can make sure that all big industrialist buying it are giving reasonable price, at least MSP.
Those unaware people who are shitting  here should know this law is not only  for Punjab but for rest of India
its not a huge farm protest, only one region of the farmer in the country protested. and with excess in population the numbers always seems bloated for the media.
Thanks to Sadhguru and Isha Foundation who helped make the biggest Farmer Producer Organization in Tamil Nadu. Others can learn from them to benefit farmers.
If India to survive, people must boycot Godi media along with all such consumer products which give advertising through these media. To create awareness among countrymen about bad effect of watching or reading  these Godi media because it is funded by West India Co for advancing their business agenda. Modi and Shah are their frontman.
One scenario is not covered with MSP. If a farmer wants to be efficient and undercut other farmers they cannot. Which means it won't encourage corprotization of farmers themselves.
 WE MUST SUPPORT FARMERS.
Agr PM itna acha hota toh 700 farmers ki death ka afsos hota...
Well done farmer! F the media.
Also add the example of PepsiCo too.. as farmer lost all the money due to it.. Shame on you giving incorrect picture...
Divide and rule politicians.. corrupt and bikao politicians.. adani ambani chamchas.. godi media bjp band team..
Last and the most important thing of this protest is that if there are private players in it there will be no  monitoring the MRP of crops so even if they provide MSP to farmers the new farm bill be problematic for lower and middle class of our country 
Oh modi, please stop playing. You have bood of all those innocent farmers on your hands. I wonder how you get sleep at night
Meanhwhile   75 %  Farmers  left Delhi , whole  fake protests will end in another 4-5 days
Dear Noha please read the laws that are in addition to existing laws. That means the farmers are free to follow the same process of selling their produce as before adding the laws and the MSP will remain for poor farmers. Hence please do some research before making such videos as this video tells half truth and dose not focus on the actual laws.
Yaswant Sinha said: The Prime Minister has stuck to his reputation of springing surprises. The announcement of the decision to repeal the three farm laws came as a huge surprise last morning, which, apart from being the pious day of Guru Parab, was also the birthday of Indira Gandhi. The comparison with Indira Gandhi is apt because she also withdrew the Emergency when she realised it had become untenable. Despite all his bravado, the Prime Minister came to the same conclusion, and because he is an 'election-jivi', and elections to five states including the all-important state of UP, are around the corner, and because defeat was staring him in the face, he was left with no option but to withdraw these black laws. In my tweet after the announcement I said, "While I congratulate the Kisans on their victory over the government for the repeal of the farm laws, I attach no noble sentiment to the government for this move. It is a calculated step for the UP elections. For this government, democracy begins and ends with elections." So this is it: nothing more than an election gimmick.
I support the farmers bill... According to statistics only 6% farmers receive their MSP.... The whole protest is regarding MSP... But the the truth is people don't want farmers to decide his future... People supporting the farmers are actually supporting the middleman... Please go and read the bill, I beg u... Don't blindly support them..i don't want u to support the bill also... Hear from both sides then decide...
Hey VICE News, don't you have any shame doing a hit job on India by presenting one side of the discourse & spinning a propaganda that is completely false? Did you bother to speak to 1) anyone who support these laws, 2) who are ready to support these laws provided the government make certain amendments, 3) the people who said they will protest in much larger numbers if these laws are repealed, 4) any economist who can give a scientific opinion on the merits & demerits of these laws?
If you believe Modi is Demi god and Middlemen are he real villains you will support the bills!
Our farmers has sacrificed everything, they have won the fight. They have saved India from corporates and famine. May God bless and be with the poor and righteous.
Sir I have question and it is that how the Farmers salaries will be improved by regulating the prices of Comoditeis as explained under The "THE ESSENTIAL COMMODITIES (AMENDMENT ) BILL,2020.  ...
Can you elaborate on if there are any regulations to cap MSP to small farmers so the big private companies don't (eventually) start exploiting small farmers?
Now #rakesh Tikait makes each and every farmer billionaire
Appreciated!!! good work modi ji
2- The change in Essential commodities Bill may only be better than or equal to current scenario for them..
Govt. need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to; to give them business guidance, teach them business & negotiating skills etc.  
No need of asking sorry ... Bring back our farmers  those who lost their life during this farms law agitation coz of your rubbish decision ...... Shame on you Modi ....
Why in the heck doesn't the Indian government just changed the law  back? If what they say is true and it's for the farmers to make more money but the farmers don't want it just get rid of it. Must be the government making more money that's why they don't want to get rid of it. Shane on the India's government for doing this to the farmers.
There will be time, when these kisans will beg for exactly these three laws, but no one will be available to support them. 
Indian Hindustani voters only modiji and yogiji very good 
Modi had to do this as elections in UP and Punjab are near!
these are not farmers these are separatists ........you have lost credibility.. i withdraw my support.....get out of my Delhi
Why not these economists think of farmers cause why these people are bent upon making poor human beings miserable 
Modi is frustrated, because he couldn't make World tour & turning his wrath against the farmers.
Well reminded Trevor, about growing vegetables on the roofs by non farmers in cities for some months and later resigned.
People are protesting without any real idea of the amended laws. And entire country is happy with these laws, except some rich politically connected farmers of 3 states. These are 3 states which are protesting, rest all the farmers are happy with new laws.
All over the world we eat food grown by our beloved farmers.... Jai Hind .. Jai Kissan..
Goons farmers have taken the nation to random.
I'm so happy these farmers got theor victory. Persistance, resistance
Its like giving more freedom to big retailers to get essential items from farmers directly and control the farmer by legally and control the public by price. This is privatization, but how many big retailers are there for competitive...so that farmer and public can get advantage..i see lot of places where big corporations or retailers ...take advantage. But if have more  big  retailers or corporation in market we could see competition and advantages are there...i strongly believe government should be closely watching how big corporations or retailers take advantage of this....
       RIP to 700 Farmer who died during protest.
10. Now understand that the APMC Mandis, due to the large number of farmers ( population matters, not enough APMC Mandis, it is not proportionate to the population) , the wait time for farmers to enter these Mandis is very long, at times, 3-4 days.
Reality me feeling sad for small and marginal farmers.
From facebook to this farm bill I feel like Reliance is playing big role behind the scenes on such bills.  Like petroleum this will give power the a select group of people who can decide the prices of food.  This is a very capitlistic approach to solve farming  problems.  Fun fact petroleum in other third world countries like Venezuela , Bhutan , Brazil is cheaper by atleast 30 rs/lt. Is this bill good for the country? Yes.  Is it good for the farmer ? Depends on how smart the farmer is.  As a consumer / daily wage  bread winner ? it's very bad. One day onion prices are 30 rs next day it's 50 rs. Soon we will rely on offers from reliance to even buy vegetables.
Yograj Singh in farmers' protest :
It's not a farmer protest. Its khalisthani movement in the disguise of farmers protest
The voices of farmers will not be suppressed
Govt must give 100000 every month to every farmer. Kisan ekta zindabad aandolan 2224 tak chalana chahiye.
For the knowledge of Commenters, i would like to let everyone know. New Delhi is blocked and Surrounded after time interval of 237 years. Sikhs did it back then. So this time Sikhs against the government, has proven the Failure of the government, Failure of Trust on Government, Failure in contending the public. How to Destroy the Ego of Delhi is well know by Punjab.
Me and my family used to be strong Modi Supporters in the past, but with this he has lost all respect from us.
What a hypocrisy and liar, telling only small segment of farmer failed to understand their enlighten laws for farmers betterment. What a sick man still glorifying himself and his sick policies. Never Again.
Finally, hope for farmers again. Farmers fought well, many lives were lost. Good luck to our farmers. Victory for farmers.
Modiji  affraid  of  UP  Election
At 5.10 farmers ko contract smjhna seekhna hoga , is it practically possible , aaj kitne log youtube facebook jese social medea ki terms aur condition jante hain?? Kisan kaha tk ese contract smjhta rahega, ek safal businessman bhi , ek legal advise rkhta kisan kaha rkh payenge ese mehnge advise
congratulations to all the farmers who stayed in the streets and held steadfast to protect their community, their families, and their livelihood.  Waheguru SatNam.
Some politicians are victors, not so the farmers.
Farmers will win
If there are any  improvements needed they must be incorporated but the bill is must for farmer welfare.
Try to live with farmers,  ,Don't live with new law, the new law become a hitter of farmers back born
Trevor-  Please do us a favor and research the topic more thoroughly.   The issues that the farmers are protesting are not as simple as they sound.   The new farm laws are meant as reform measures which many political groups and vested interests oppose.   These self-interest protesters who are actually threatening the security of the country will not succeed.  Please, please research more deeply before mouthing off your glib editorial comments Brother.   
Moreover through this bill they have stated that hoarding is legitimate (which was illegal so far) this clearly goes in favour of  private players as farmers being poor and having no storage facility will sell their crops at any price private players offer(In absence of MSP) . 
We should be grateful to farmers for saving democracy in this country.
WHAT HE DIDN'T EXPLAIN IS THE REAL SCENARIO WHERE LOTS OF FARMERS THROWS OR SELL AT VERY LOW PRICES  AS THEY DON'T GET BUYERS AS THERE IS LIMIT ON HOARDING 
More than 500+ Farmer died
3:21 Kisan Anthem's line sung by Afsana Khan written on the poster. That's kinda slap on Indian Medias, Shame on our Fake media 
Consensus Building: The Centre should reach out to those opposing the Bills, including farmers, explain to them the need for reform, and get them on board.
Election nh hote to kya bill wapis hota 
Sikh farmer mafia of panjab are the biggest threat to poor farmers..
Bro, intermediary or middle men me kya difference hai? Big corporate aur intermediary mein bhi toh dosti hui toh farmer kahaa kya karega?
The only sector which was growing in Modi Regime was farming and now we are loosing that to
Farmers have done what opposition couldn't do these many years! Hats off!
Salute to the farmers ...they made the system bow .down
I wish india could work like china some day against these so called farmers
Love for  this sikh Guy from Indian occupied jammu kashmir. Live long kashmir punjab
Thank you BBC for a better coverage as asking the dumb farmers spokesman the right questions as some of your coverage on issues regarding India have been biased.
3 law: Small farmers are free of mandi tax reducing their debt. That is more important than state tax.
These are not farmers 
They are not farmers.....
I sapport farmers, thanks sir for good information about farm Bill
I feel bad for everyone except for the MoS and his son. I know a guy who joined BJP's ranks, but he did it out of desperation. Lost his job (as a waiter in a momo shop in India-Bhutan border) and was trying anything to earn money for himself and his mom. If he had gotten lynched because some PoS minister and his son, it would have been terrible injustice to his mother.
Farmers are not protesting to remove middleman, it is actually planned by middleman of Punjab. This law is not for rich farmers thats why they are misguiding innocent farmers.
Maam how these new Bill's will help the farmer?
Farmer have teach lesson for him he will never forget in his life.And pls don't trust  this feku chacha
Govt has to decide MSP for both apmc and private traders. 
a good leader modi ji , a leader should be more flexibile
Samdish ,we want more ground reports on this .Real ground reporting seen after long time.#ISUPPORTFARMERS.
I have been in Punjab, there.are.many rich farmers.and stil they are not paying their loans which that took from Banks. 
A big victory for farmers.
Dhruv if these laws were as bad or draconian as you are making them out to be, how come only a fraction of farmers of the country, especially those from Punjab,  Haryana and parts of western UP were found protesting. Is Indian agriculture only found in these parts? Isn't it true that their contribution to total Indian agri output is consistently going down? 
So what... They can't do any harm of Modiji
Excellant! At last I have partly understood about the new farm bills
Another example is Milk which is an 8 Lakh Crore produce in India more than Wheat, potato, onion, rice and pulses put together in India, why because anyone can buy it, whoever wants to buy it can buy directly and not through an APMC, the similar thing is getting implemented in Agriculture
there is no problems by other states of india except these 2 states PB and HNY. these states were one who were exploiting the green reform laws as well as MSP. thus the new law had provision for poor farmers and these peoples, acquiring a huge land area are forcefully trying to make things hard for gov
kisan school khole for farmers
All Indian stand with farmer.
700 farmers gave their lives ...
8) A specific System called Automated Caller Machine for every farmers mobile is linked with it and farmers only have to say "Haa" or "Nahi" to any policy feedback scenario
Must have dealt khalistanis like Indra gandhi! And only Punjabis are only farmers in india?
You should also show those farmers who are in support of these laws!
Secret news leaked "tikait & anti BJP deal of 5 crore was made and upto now tikait & some farmers leaders received 4 crores"
Why only Punjab farmers are protesting..?  Please explain... We live in a informed world.. No one can fool us..
I am from farmer family and I have seen disaster of farming sector closely since last 40 years. In fact there is severe scarcity of manpower in agriculture sector throughout India. It is time people protesting away from motherland should come back and join the hands with their brothers, sisters, parents and relatives.  Think wisely. What I personally feel that what Modi Govt is doing is need of time and to look into future for betterment of farming sector. One should look possitively rather than shedding crocodile tears.
these farmers protesting are actually rich farmers who use poor farmers as literal slaves to become richer and they are worried they  will loose their monopoly over the market if private players are let in. 2 states, bihar and kerala have already privatized agro and are doing well.
Whr are all the celebrity....who tweets and  do social media support.......why they are not coming to support farmers.....
Even though these taken back as it was ruled by ISI and Khalistan agents and small farmers will be in loss. They never understood and exploited by opposition for their purpose. Within few months small farmers will relized their mistakes.
Can anybody imagine eating , sleeping, bathing on roads  even if there is cold, rain or extreme hot weather ; I can bet nobody would imagine this in their darkest dreams. Farmers have been on roads from 11 months and faced the worst and Indian Government is sleeping, killing people. Nobody is comfortable in sleeping, eating on roads they are just there to have their rights peacefully. People should get up and ask why why why the government is not listening. At least government should come forward to talk.
I guess some farmers are going to keep the rest of the Farmers of the Country poor. Very disappointed in PM Modiji.
This is the fruit of rejecting British offer to make Indian Punjab Sikh homeland.
Aam janta ko bhi iss farmers protest mein shamil hona chahiye.....
Even after CAA protests and so called farmer's protest, if anyone hasn't open his/her eyes is indeed "Andhbhakt" not us
please translate in hindi..our farmersmosly donoy understand 
Awesome decision Modi Ji. There is nothing wrong to listening to the will of the people. In fact every leader should have the same courage. Including you Jacinda.
Farmers have really proved how strong is unity !!
Still, it is disgusting to see large chunk of Indian Diaspora abroad, they want equal rights abroad, but side with fascist regime of Modi back home!
SO THEN CORPORATES WILL BUY POTATOES AT CHEAP RATES FROM FARMERS DURING THE SEASON
Today it is a setback to real farmers and now no other government will take courage to bring laws for farmers reforms.
Basically BJP govt is trying to transform the Indian economy into the capitalist form...
P m modi isright but farmer is not right  iam formar
It must be remarked as greatest achievement..not only IN  but all farmers all around the world..it was not easy and not everyone understood..Congratulations  Indian Farmers.
Respect on PM Modi ji doubled . He always worked for India's development. He doesn't have false egos. He proved that he whole heartedly respects the democracy and System. 
Let's also remember how many farmers lost their loved ones.
Farmers are actually going home to harvest  and sell rice and sugarcane.
There is a reason why farmers from a few states are protesting.
Give justice to the farmers 
*In case someone is wondering why farmers are protesting against fwg bills;*
Why only Punjab and Haryana  protesting but in south farmers are happy about it
In my opinion there are no issues with first 2 acts of this law but the third act of contract farming could be be fruitful and game changing if implemented with some  protection like minimum purchase price.
This is scary as the private players will inevitable exploit the farmers and all of us.
Make no mistake in tagging our farmers as ignorant and illiterate lots.. 
I have lost all the respect for so called farmers. 
So now they are real farmers for govt. And not terrorist. ??
Farmers were fighting for all not only for them selves
2. In the 2nd bill, As explained in the clip, there will be no tax if a farmer sells out the Mandi or APMC but one have to pay tax if it is sell inside a Mandi. So who wants to pay extra tax when I can sell legally without paying tax outside?? Slowly few years down the line there will be no business transaction in an Mandi n will have to close down. State government lose its tax revenue, no government or FCI purchase on MSP or minimum support price. No wonder if the subsidies food items the government provide to hunger poor people in a fair price shop will close down or not. 
@harp farmer pictures ....this is a great video! Hope you are also covering today's tractor march in an aerial view as it will be first of its kind in the whole world till date.
Maximum are Khalistani radicals nothing to do with farmers & some bimbo seating in Canada and give lacture to modi lol
After Drishti IAS video on farm bills explained by Dr. Vikas Divyakirti your channel produced a good explanation of the acts and regulation emphasizing more on the corporate details and loopholes.
With a sweet voice , a complicated matter that is the cause of war of tug between farmers and govt is explained easily with a crux that actually we loath audience are also gonna be affected from these acts...I think a process of Pilot project is totally eloped with making entire nation a test lab ...
Farmer protect the Right of Consumer with protest.
1.  visit a few farmers both small land owners ( who are in majority) and rich ones too . 
- this new law impacts the farmers of all country but why only farmers of certain states are protesting?
How new laws will help farmers, make agri competitive
Conveniently skipped telling the story from the farmer's narrative
These are animals in garb of "farmers" . They think they are law unto themselves. It's time govt. takes strong action to throw these goonda elements behind bar.
You should read the laws before any comment. New farm laws will give more options to the  Indian farmers. It is very beneficial for farmers.
Farmers are ryt and i support them . 
They all didn't talk about basic things MSP and it's guarantee and contract farming Jurisdiction except uncle ji  
This victory showed us that Indian police is the worst  and indian mainstream media is worst.  Thank you dhruv sir for supporting farmars from begging. We appreciate  you
Thank you for putting this out there and bringing awareness to this issue. The Indian farming community needs this and everyone's support now more than ever.
I am from farmer family south Punjab we migrated to canada 2012 and we have farms in canada & usa, we have better msp price and insurance, today world is global village,  so bjp & rss divided to india in religious fundamentalism, 
Well said young man! Seeing u i see hope proud to be an Indian! Modi must go!
One reason for farmer protest is manipulation of farmers by middle men cause farmers in India  are illiterate and middle man will suffer huge losses
Well explained. Sir kindly send to farmers leader.
Mulching will increase incomes by reducing costs for fertilizers and water. Mulched soil is healthier and holds water better. Farmers could share a mulching machine and it can go from farm to farm to share the cost.
Had to come back here after finally winning our cause. Farmers can all go back to their families after months and months of hardships.
Make a video on sahyadri farms Nashik. India's largest farmer producer company
Trevor Noah u know nothing about farm laws.. try to explain what is written in the farm laws.. India has total 28 States and 8 union territories and farmers are not liking these laws from 2 to 3 states only.. just put your mind in a unbiased way you will understand the situation..
Such a shame, Because of few farmers the whole farmer community in india have lost their respect. 
If we strike like this in Kashmir So on us pellet guns used But stay here with sikhs (farmers)carry on
Its no more a kisaan andolan..... But a political stage for Rakesh Tikait and some others.
Government sales tax . Farmer tax and Indian tax.  Now we are selling 5 rupees .3 tax included it will be 50 rupees
They intentions of these big bulls is clear to every indian as they have already conquered the petroleum industry (India is number 1 country with the highest percentage of tax on petrol and Diesel' you can check that on google), they have already exploited the medical industry in this same way the help of Modi government's favourable laws and regulations to them...
I support the BJP government strongly but these farm laws weren't of  any use... Good that the laws are finally withdrawn
Show the real footagea. Like those tractors ramming into the police ans using swords to attack the police while the police remaining thoroughly passive. This is not any farmer's protest anymore.
This was a super attempt to demistify the complex fam bills and it's impact both on us as well as the farmers. Very well done.
Bill b taken back n let the kisans live as they were.
It was a good video . But you still did not explain how new bills can benefit farmers ? That part was totally missing.
I just couldn't understand reasons for farmers getting upset about these laws.  There is lots of emotions but lacks logics.
Kaise chutiya neta h yeh lok...ja farms law the tab bole modi govt. Man marji kr rhe farmers k poti annyan kr rhe h. ...jab hataya tabhi h blame kr rhe h.....agar govt. Kuch reform ..agar achhi bhi ho tab bhi sala opposition birodh koregei..yehi nature h...
This problem is not only for farmer it will hit hard on public in future so support farmer.
However, all that story, but it doesn't cover anything from Rest of India ? How farmers suffer at this market in rest of India ?
Kerala has become the first state in the country to fix the minimum support price (MSP) for vegetables.
Wire should also ask  general public abt " what are farmers protesting abt with regard to law ???...dont just ask random opinions of people, but 1st clarify whether public is well informed abt the subject or not
After watching this video I am able to understand that three farmer ordinances
Great farmers of great India 
I am really really sorry my farmer brothers... U people deserve much more...
The agitation that got Delhi Police to crack down on some of the violent 'farmers' was due to them trying to break barriers on the roads and also into the Red Fort. Not one shot fired.
What a journalist you're, Ravish ji! History will shout n tell us there was an honest journalist in India amidst of all the sold out journalists (godi media journalists). Thank you, Ravish ji for your courage n resilience.
India tv your dad Modi im a right
Vegan farmers failing? The sarcasm is kinda funny
Actual kisan is working as day labour on dihari jo never get any benefit of MSP only this aiyash like Tikait get benefitted
When Farmers protest - Khalistani. 
Modi bjp rsss terriorist groups had been fk d by the king of kings singh
Whether farmers gain or lose, the entire opposition is in a fix as to what to politicise for future.
The first amendment of removal of essential commodities act gives the right for farmers to use cold storages to store it for future. If 20 farmers come together then they will deal it with cold storage for a best price.
Also farmers to sell their goods any where india with fix price
bjp accept defeat because of election but what after if they win election will they once again plan for farm law because one of the bjp ministers says that
Thank you for covering this! The Indian Government is doing it's absolute best to suppress the farmer's protest and literally anyone who criticises the absolutely unjust government policies.
Nice explanation... Though this bill enables the farmers to sell anywhere , the privates and corporates will always have the upper hand to exploit the illiterate farmers and gain.
I am regarted to be a farmer's son.I am from Bengal.I passed higher secondary with 88% mark.But I have.........
Kya mazaak hai ye...if opposition is against bill than vote recorder,slip or standing method is to be used to count votes in favour or against...this is a big slap on system
Apparently did it for the votes in the upcoming elections not like he actually cares about the poor farmers smh
Problem is that the farmer are not United in our country and everybody know this....
This minister along with his son need to be jailed for life for killing the hand that feeds them just goes to show the type of people in government who are thugs and killers shameful what BJP is turning India into
They never did farming nor worked in farm. But earns more money than actual farmer.
It was great idea to liberaze the agriculture in India but ofc Punjabi people dont want to go forward and they are just scared of competition in the free market. I hope Prime Minister Modi ji will finally fully liberaze Indian market but he needs time and even this people which dont udenstand how good is it will not stop him. Jai Hind! 
If the APMC are not strongly buildup, If farmers does not get MSP in and out of APMC then farmers will be strongly broked up, it is like breaking their backbone. If this law dosent change then it will not so long to hear Indian Farmers begin to SUICIDE.
Waiting for you to talk about south Africa's internal unrest against indian community... showing intrests in others matters is easy task when it comes to your own home u people just go dead ...
A big salute to all the farmers across our nation.
Title of video is not right bcoz she  explaining just bad things of APMC act and good things of farmer bill
Farmers are the victim of every political conflict in India... This is the right time to ask questions to ourself that "Are our farmers a weapon for them?"... Are we in the position to live without farmers????
Now this is how govt is supporting them by not making them pay MSP in this nascent stage. And govt should impose MSP rules on pvt players once they mature enough.
Whatever steps taken by Modi is all are wrong steps, it may be farmers law, demonetization, CAA,NRC COVID ETC FOR ALL THIS HE SHOULD ASK PARDON TO THE PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY
They has to at this time... Elections are on the way! Smart move BJP!
Take a video or show on how Modi won the heart of Media and made it godimedia.
Farmers dying at roads
Its nice to see what my fellow Indians think. Unfortunately it doesnt matter. Modi does not care. Its Farmers today, will be Citizens tomorrow. Its just a matter of time.
These laws are good or bad for farmers? I didn't understand clearly
Why no mention of points in the act that talk about farmer not having ability to go to a court?
This law would've beneficial for the farmers only.
Instead of your dramatics you should have concluded how exactly the farmers are affected. With an live example.
Sir as u provided solution that MSP should be legal means they get the minimum price outside and inside the mandis. Production of crops is much large than the requirement. So not even in mandis they are providing MSP's. This solution will just increase the problem of farmers ..as not equal to MSP atleast they are getting something...if should be legal then they won't be able to get that amount because its not possible that the whole production is purchased. So atleast something is better than nothing. Even in this video u stated that in mandis also only 6% farmers are getting MSP what about rest which is the majority so atleast they are getting something ...if this is legalised they wont be able to get that ..if they go against the law thn everyone of us knw the outcome. I also belong to Punjab n i genuinely want that farmers should get whatever right for them
Dear GODI MEDIA Lakhimpur is a part of India......and it's every indian right to visit Lakhimpur
Or apne ki import krta tha tb Shastri g bill lekr aye or ajj vohi bhart to export krta tha tbhi bhi kisano ne un billo ka ese hi virodh kia tha or tb bhi kisan le nhi rhe the jesse ab hai to bhai thoda sbr kro dekho to kya hai USA ne b in bilo ka support kia hai or ye bill kisano ki halt sudhar skte hai isme doubt nhi hai
3 laws pass to hue the par implement to hue hi nhi phir Kisan ki aaj buri haalat h uska jimmedar Congress h ya ticket h.
Much support to farmars..
#We stand with the farmers.
Farmers can nerver be wrong if u think they are wrong then u do their work of farming only for one day u will understand there problems I am a son of a farmer I know how much hardwork is needed 
More than farmers general public gets affected by this laws as the prices will be fixed by corporates at will and it will surely be outrageous
If still anyone supporting govt and these laws and opposing farmers, then u guys should definately check the prices of crops that are already selling outside apmc mandis... #WeUnitedForFarmers
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from  jatt caste or sikhs, there are also Pundits, Brahmins , and Dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation. The Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  of resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from the farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne.
Even I can think of exploiting farmer with these laws
Improve Agricultural Infrastructure to Strengthen Competition: Government should massively fund the expansion of the APMC market system, make efforts to remove trade cartels, and provide farmers good roads, logistics of scale and real time information.
Prime example of this is the PepsiCo vs farmers case in UP Punjab and Gujrat ..were lays refuse or Slash the prise to buy the patato as the produce was not as per set standard.. and the farmer dint had the right to go to court.. and the DM gave results in favor of pesico.. 
How will Corporates handle court cases against them if anything goes wrong with their deal with farmers.
Punjab and UP elections aa rahe hai, isliye Feku darr gaya  aur kaaley kaanoon wapas le liya . Congratulations to all farmers.
#WeAlwaysSupportFARMERS
Its not the farm bill
In the past we have never seen MSP in the Agri market. Example we know onion prices become .50 pase in the past and where was the support price during that crises.  Actually the middle men are MLAs and MPs gangs criminals. They are exploiting the poor farmers. Did our farmers life improved in India during these years after independence. Grading is a system every ware for quality control. Accordingly they will fix the product price. This is a natural process and nothing wrong in it. Now the middle men loose their income that is why they are creating problems nothing else. But the poor uneducated farmers do not know this fact.
When BJP govt. is saying the Ordinance will help the farmers to sell their product all over india~
Indian Government has taken this decision for long term benefits of Indians. We must stay with & support our Govt. decision.
Congratulations for the victory, Kisan Ekta Zindabad.
Problem with the Bill and demands of farmers- 
If you think farmers are misled and are sitting with their kids and wives and elderly parents in a 2 degree weather because somone mislead them.. you seriously need go outside on a street in a tent and just spend one night in that temperature and then comment back can you somone be misled?
Now it depends on what reforms they are gonna bring... Let us see if MSP remains, will model draft on contract farming be proposed?
1. Does the Bill / Act 1, if a farmer decides to sell his produce to some organization ( Not APMC ), will he be guaranteed minimum support price? 
Beat of to luck farmer
A masterpiece on farm laws, very well explained at a good pace, in simple language and beyond any doubt by Dr Divyakriti. After listening to this YouTube, makes me angry at the protesters, who have caused great inconvenience to the people of Dehli, other farmers and caused much damage to the Indian economy.
BJP government every time behave like dictator. But now it's  time to open eye's For Citizens of INDIA. and use power of vote to tell who is in power under the Loktanntra.  Jai javan jai kishan 
Reacting to 5:25 ----When you let people of your country died in such miserable conditions (cold , cutting off essential needs like electricity) that's aggression is justified.. Even though that's was  just another way to defame them which involves people of yours party (to arose one of 22 groups of farmers union ) when can't find a way to molest  them with your paid media ...
Farm Laws is best for farmers there have been Big land lord oligarch which is opposing it because they dont laid punjab do be an industrial hub they wanted punjab to plunge into an old model as we see how gujrat maharastra now up hyderabad is transformed agriculture economy dont create most job's land productivity is limited water is also running off . In this matter of farms protest only this poor henchmens lords are win not these people many of my relatives live in punjab they are absolutely happy for reforms but we have regret that govt knee down in front of these draculian land lords
Bhai all our channel say is this Dakayt is good for our country, is he clean and beneficial to actual farmers, is he not politically involved, is he not accumulated lots of money? Now question is why such notorious, anti national man given familiarity in channel?
Long live UNITED farmers movement,  a historic  movement,  in INDIA,  kon banaya hindustan Bharat ke majdur kisan,  Boycott Ambani Adani's Government everywhere in INDIA,  we need  peoples  Government to  save  our future,
Kyu di thi isko 303 seat. Spineless govt, sad that i supported it. No better than congress politics is supreme
Your father like man the greatest bhrashtachari kapti pawar had fired bullets on farmers and 12+ farmers were killed. Farmer agitation was broken in few minutes by pawar. Why dont you ask pawar on same?
Thankyou noah for talking about the farmers protest in india . Loved the line "The farmers are the most patient creatures on earth " Indeed they are.
Sir pls make detailed video on farmers of Eastern UP and Bihar state
It was not a loss of BJP as political parties comes and goes...it's a loss of poor 20 crore farmers...irrespective it is passed by bjp or congress these bills are the real need of the farmers...the blame will shift on Punjab...
You are supporting farmers. You want them to get fair price. But you are not ready to pay the extra price. Every year during July-September, Onion prices will skyrocket. Government have to go the import route. Already that 100% price hike is happening every year for perishable goods. We need to improve our cold storage infrastructure and allied industries. Government is not forcing to sell the products to private players.
*I RESPECT AND SALUTE INDIAN FARMERS PARTICULARLY WHO FAUGHT LIKE ROCK SOLID*
You didn't added your thoughts  like every video. Smart bro   only talked about  farmers  you didn't added the state income and  middle mans
If so then the farmers will loose out to cheaper priced imports.
Farmers are more educated than the ruling section
Government should not allow hoarding of crops/pulses as small farmers without quantity or storage would be vulnerable. Also make MSP legally binding in Contract Farming too.
These Bills were needed because the farmers are committing suicide. What are you going to do about that? This is the main reason these reforms are needed.
Only solution to this problem is public private partnership company like Amul , farmers dont have to sell their goods to the private company they just have to build their own company and sell it to them like a milk ; not a single big giant billionaire try to dares to step foot in the milk business because of the Amul like Corporation
Chaliye UP elections se pahle aapki aankhe khuli.Unse baat karke ye farm law kuchh modifications ke sath laaye ja sakte the.Fir bhi aapki soch or ye baaten democracy me hamari aastha or strong karti hai.Petrol,Diesel or gas ke prices bhi kam kijiye bahut paise lag rahen hain.
Crops being perishable in nature farmers are in  a hurry to sell it off in mandis .If government is helping farmers they should provide storage facility to farmers too. 
Thank you for this breakdown! Here in my country the USDA is going to start taxing livestock farms for their methane. (Literally a tax on animal flatulence) I feel like the governments around the globe are messing with the food supply
Its clear that Tikait is anti government not this kala kanoon... carefully watch his body language as if he has some personal loss after PM speech...he wants to disturb nation capital only. Actually he's not a face of indian farmers community
2) Farmers can sell their goods anywhere. Big farmers can benefit from it, but small farmers any way don't go to mandi's. But it's governments way to get out of farming business and selling to private companies means facing the ups and downs of the market. Government will not intervene by giving any subsidy or help for procurement. 
There is a solution to scenario b tho,if the govt sees that farmers begun to get less price in the long term ,govt and just make a simple adjustment and and make msp for private market too.
As a son of a farmer,  I feel blessed that the black farm bill is removed....sab ke liye mithaiyan
Formars are Fighting for all Indian people. if we not supporting formars
Finally feku had to wake up from his arrogance ...hail farmer
sad .......loss of farmers and victory of "dalaal"
I understand the insecurities of farmers but at the same time how long big farmers will be under father's umbrella?
Karnataka APMCs were brought into online trade while Siddaramaiah was CM from 2013- 2018. Why can't it be implemented all over India instead of Bringing these 3 unwanted farm laws.
Evary one read farmers law clouse clouse then deside.  Not.   Be a Political tool......
Govt repelled 3 farmers andolan just to prevent Sikh and Hindu riots in Punjab and other states due to this andolan.
But vedio didn't explain why farmer protesting. As per your last line it should be the end customer who should protest
Indian employment and kisan protest 
Citizens will always with our Farmers.
I'm fortunate in that I can do organic gardening.  My fertilizer is mostly farm waste products and I have not used chemical fertilizers since experimenting with them in 2006.  For my needs organic is noticeably better.  One of the ornamentals in my yard fixes nitrogen so I spread the seeds every year as planting them is literally as easy as throwing seeds at grass (I'll point out, however, that this works on low nitrogen soils as the plants must feed bacteria colonies to do so, if there's plenty of N it won't feed them but will use those resources to grow itself instead).
The average size of farm in India is 0.8 hectare.. so with so little land holdings farmers have no leverage againts cooperates.. so forget about price fixings.. and who will decide this price when there is no transperant price discovery.. 
Mam Apne msp ka virod kyo kar rage ho msp Ko lekar cartel pehle create hota tha lekin minimum price to milta tha , ab kya hoga jante ho kisan ka kya virod hai   Kisan se zero rate ka cartel bhi ho Sakta hai conspiracy strong hai aaj
I have heard that farmers are asking for MSP guarantee in written form from Central govt. What's  the reason behind that?
That's a reminder and lesson for all Indians .. we have to stand for our rights..jai hind ..jai kishan
the farm bill concerned about MSP a lot.. if government control the MSP in one state, then farmers will sold their crops in other nearby states which are giving higher MSP rates. as you know mouth to mouth cultivations happens in villages. if one guy put wheat in his field and it followed by everyone in that village and nearby. So when each yield come out and farmer go to the APMC, because of lot of farmers yielded wheat only Surcharge of wheat will be kept in godown by government. because as you say mandatory we have to give MSP. downthe line authorities or any other beer manufactures most probably political people uses this loop hole and purchase wheat in the less amount and they will oppose this. in this bill if we can add one more segment like assign some authorities like in education department like DDPI, regulates the crops according to the crops required for the country. As of now we required oil grains.
Who is responsible for 750 farmers death????
this is not the farmers rally it is all Mandi and Traders rally
Bills ke alava...there is no infrastructure development regarding. Farming
The upper class is making a system where they need not to go anywhere ,need not to anything hard things ,need not to go through bad situations. Where is neerav modi , Vijay malaya...why there is no law which can prevent them going into other country and settle. Is laws can only be made for middle class ,farmers, labours,etc .And these government are saying that these company will not brich the farmers . Who know after briching the farmers these company owners will also flew away in some country. 
I support kishan
I dont understand all my life it said farmers are cheated by middleman.. Now the middle man is gone! why worry..
The Partition of India & Punjab was not accepted by the Panjabi community mainly Sikh as large parts of Punjab given to Pakistan moreover most of Sikh holy site were found in the Pakistani side of Punjab..
#we support farmer...
Its one thing to protest..but that doesn't solve the issue. Farmers - don't just protest, put up solutions. The Indian govt has brought an idea to the table..dont like it? ..ok..then please bring an idea of your own to the table. This is how mutually agreeable solutions come about..not just protesting solely and going back to the status quo ( which even farmers will agree is the real problem)
These farm bills will allow private hands to buy from farmers...but as farmers doesnt  have enough money to produce their crops..how will farmers bear cost of taking that produce to private buyers as Mandis are closely located to villages but not private companies and it may be possible that these private players again introduce a middleman to buy from farmer and give the produce to company on a fixed commission rate...and this is also possible that these private players can also form cartels as there will be no government intervention....again the same..farmer will suffer. Another thing is why dont government make changes in APMC act and let the farmers take benefit from it.
sometime i think my first vote must not go for bjp since bjp rule controls the supreme court , agency , as well as rise of prices.
Who is after modi return the bill?
Proud to be a punjabi  daughter of punjab and farmer 
History will remember our dear farmers were d one who saved democracy in India. It is a lesson learnt by our generation that a party who wins by a huge margin can go crazy in an autocratic manner, can pass bills in d parliament , can choose to ignore opposition, can take d very people who voted it to victory for a ride. Only persistence and unity of d people in a peaceful manner can make them bow down. Hail d farmers of India 
We are with our Farmers  Kisan ekta zindabad  full support from Delhi 
Mr modiji shd take the guidelines of Mr Devendra Sharma  n help farmers who are pillars
Well analyzed.  One point is beyond doubt ie : the amendments were made by a team who have never seen the face of an ordinary Indian farmer or aware of the conditions that they live in.
After taking the anti government stances, perhaps you have forgotten that capitalists are the backbone of any great economy and India had a great chance to transform Agricultural economy but punjabi farmers didn't wanted that cuz they still want to go to Canada and UK by selling their farm land but farmers from other states should have understood it. Especially UP farmers that the people of UP are son of Soil and they will never flaunt like punjabi farmers who go to Canada or UK as an illegal immigrants.
Now you know? no you don't! LOL! You'd come close if you had your latest (Ex.) Presidents grandson continuing his grandfathers legacy, sixty years hence! There's a reason thing's have to change, and a farmer threatening to block roads for four years? whats he going to eat till the next elections? O.M.G!! Indians are going to starve!! All for a tax that the farmer in India has never paid...and never will!! 
When we have India acting as a middleman making a lot of money buying Australian wheat for around $230/tonne but being able to sell Indian quality wheat for over around $300/tonne, and Nations like Turkey, Iran, Egypt wanting to buy it at higher prices.
This video made me so sad for these farmers and the state of agriculture world wide. I grew up on a small farm in Minnesota. My dad farmed 160 acres (a very small amount). We barely made enough money to break even and the money that was left had to go to next year's seeds. We were in a very difficult place financially. As corn prices continued to decrease my father had to stop farming about 3 years ago and rent out the land to corporate farmers. There is no way to make a living in agriculture unless you are a corporation, and it is really sad for small farmers.
govt of india must take serious action against these antisocial goons.... these r traitors behind farmer names.... 
This brings tears in eyes ... The one who feed our nation is sleeping on road, how worst it can go , atleast now the government should listen to our farmers .... Definitely make more video and bring this under limelight
And see actual viral video.. Those farmer protesters are being run over and the jeep comes from back side... It is evident from the video... And why didn't vehicle stop seeing such a crowd and came from back side and attacked them..
Respect for farmers.
Its so sad plenty of farmers got killed and suffers may god bless them 
Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji quoted  that Pradhan Sevak should follow Rajdharma,no discrimination. In wake of Lakhimpur Khari massacre Modi ji should sack Ajay Mishra immediately and exhibit  Rajdharma.
Brother I am living in Australia and here all ready these types of rules so theses are very harmful for farmers.
Farmers contribute 15 percent to GDP and services and industry  collectively more than 61 percent and yet people think we don't understand farmers sentiments and we don't care. Budget allocation is 30 percent of budget money most of it is loan from international banks or tax payers money (people other than farmers). what else farmers want? Now they even made new Bill's to empower farmers but opps are mad about state fund and dont want people to get cheap veggies.
May be a stupid question, but supposedly the price of cereal is now on the verge on inflation, will it continue being inflated to the extent till 150%  without govt intervention in line with proposed amendment in essential commodity bill and the MSP be consequently subject to revision accordingly??
BJP will be wiped out completely from all the states, and the public  won't be fooled again, and we all need to be thankful to the farmers for helping the public. understand this through their sacrifice
Hats off to all those farmers who fought tooth and nail and finally got victory, my sincere gratitude to all those families who had lost their near and dear ones while fighting for the nation.
you show the true image of farmers
legendary ravish on border  one of the best prime time . After 100,200 years people will see ndtv and Ravish to see what was happened with farmers
You did not present the Government's view  , only one side was presented. You seem to be biased. You did not mention that only two state farmers and one belt of farmers in northern UP are protesting over it. Rest all over is peaceful. They were even raising slogans which were anti india and pro khalistan. We respect our national flag a lot and some of these jokes threw it down. 
Really sad to see our farmers has to protest for basic rights. Modi government is only concerned about their god fathers. They are underestimating power of common people.
Shame on you prime minister ji for scraping this wonderful law. Initially U must educate the farmers from every village about this bill instead of withdrawal. It's feel like a vote bank politics 
Every farmer want GOI to set a lowest offer price. But I know it can't be done in a day or may be in years. Not without disturbing the economics of this county in a big way. I mean it could really mess it up!
Result: withdrawal of farm bills.
We stand by farmers demand, their demand needs to be fulfilled at any cost
Incorrectly explained .. mandis is where APMC has been exploiting farmers for many years . The auctions are not fair and the current system is where large exploitations happen
Ith valiya amount storage facilities and infrastructure development undaki farmersinte product vangan varunnavare help cheyyum. So farmers ethra products undakiyalum vangan alundavum.. ipo palapolum farmers vilavedukathe nilam uzhuthu kalayenda avastha undarnnu.. because there's no one to buy them at a reasonable price.
Why would any industry or buyer would buy from outside the mandi if they can have it in lower price in mundi.
M a daughter of farmer nd proud one Really appreciate you  for taking it to this level and show this reality unlike godi media
I am from Pakistan and i think these new laws will not effect farmers, but if the intentions of the government was to make this just for the sake of rich corporates, then these corporates will definitely squeeze farmers and their familly.
The Farm laws of 2020 just aimed to facilitate selling agriculture produce outside APMC's. The act didn't mention closure of mandis. people kept on saying it is a failure before even testing it. The law aimed to remove all the barriers for free trade and inter state trade of agriculture produce. But there was one drawback, the poor farmers can't take their products to other states themselves or couldn't get MSP's. Now instead of thinking how we could help farmers move their produce freely, people just criticised the entire farm law. The act provides legal dispute resolution mechanism if there is a disagreement between the buyer and seller. The act also said about facilitating direct online buying and selling. The law would have helped create a wider market, they could have become successful in implementing it, but people failed them. It is not a win but a biggest loss for farmers.
Masterpiece for farmers 
I can assure u that more than half of the farmers protesting don't know what's exactly they are protesting for. They just blindly follow their leader who probably is much richer and this laws takes a portion of his wealth.
The damage is already done. On ground reports suggest UP and haryana has already swung. The union must plunge the dagger and go for the kill. Stand their ground for MSP from tomorrow. This man must not be allowed to go back in one piece.
Why no western president blames the Indian government regarding Indian farmer protest????
My cousin was going to the state of Kerala, India from Delhi and was trapped in the protest no food, no water , no transportation facilities, it was just scary for all the innocent people getting stuck on the roads, what started as a protest now has become a public nuisance and these people supporting this protest in the comfort of a foreign developed country in their luxury cars and entitled life has no clue about the reality of the situation. Many of the farmers there protesting are behaving like thugs on the roads to innocent people. Just because they are farmers it's like we should agree to whatever they do is not justifiable. Go ahead with peaceful protests then everyone will support them, don't put other people's life in danger!
After watching this video only I have known about MSP even though iam a graduate ... Think about farmers and their knowledge...., Thank you
These are not protestors, these are vandals. Its really interesting that only the rich farmers of Punjab have a problem with the new laws. Clearly they want to continue to monopolize the agricultural industry of India, and policies to benefit farmers across all states of India is unacceptable to them.
Farmers have won. But what about the people who has lost their livelihood because of these farmers protest at boarder
1. The first bill is not mandatory on the farmers. Meaning, A farmer can choose if he wants to go for contract farming or not. In case, if he feels its not going to be benificial for him, he can continue in the normal way growing and selling to Apmcs or in the open markets (second bill).
I wish you be never happy and lose some one special in your life your still protecting the culprit. And you against farmers who just put posters wow . people I will give you a advice just get out of this country because this will never improve and I have given up on this.
Before UP election, an awesome defeat of BJP government 
For a second just forget the laws what had done by the govt is it right. Teargas, water canons. Is this is the way to treat? And remember one thing this section of society is the least one to understand on the barrels of the gun. The way they are doing is exemplary we have to appreciate the goods of everyone whatever the law said whatever the govt intention whatever the farmers said leave all the stuff. The first govt have to treat respectfully.
Which modi government Bill useful for common man.
These are not real farmers of India but mostly commission agents and middlemen from Punjab State of India
Finally farmers win
4. Big farmers of Haryana and Punjab who also work as bicholiya in the mandis of these states never wanted these laws, as this will completely shut down their source of black money.
Did people of India voted for this bill. How it got passed if so many people are against this bill?
Government should try taxing the farmers who go above msp and add extra tax to the corporates and wholesalers if they go below msp.
One must realise that their are many rich farmers who are also wholesellers and stockers. These are the people who can manipulate for maxing their gsins...
Well the examples given didn't rise up to the actual problem, because it's always been a double edged sword in which only farmers will get killed by that sword,i support the protest because the acts are shamelessly passed,just because the finance  minister doesn't eat onions, onions are out of the essential commodities,so its baseless that people think that a middle class person eats a burger from McDonald's than eating cereals like barley and rice
These 3 farm laws which were considered game changer reforms..sadly lost to bunch of few uneducated  uniformed pseudo farmer's hired by politicians and mandi brokers...black day for India...
Great move to set campaign free and safe for BJP candidates and it's supporters in Punjab and UP. Now BJP candidates and it's supporters can campaign freely without blockades at their doors.
Well, thanks for destroying the hopes, ambitions and dreams of peace loving farmers of this country, farmers who didn't choose to riot, the farmers who were not funded by Khalistanis in UK and Canada.
3) If any Private company tries to BACKOUT from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license. Such that way strict laws will PROTECT our hardworking farmer community.
U should visit rural areas  and meet farmers and observe yourself  then make a video instead of seraching and reading at home
Legal Minimum Support Price - You can't buy below this price.
This whole situation is deliberately created by modi. Bjp wanted to show this side of the protests to the world and they will careful planning created a choas with help of Delhi police and CRPF which made the farmers to change their designated March route. CRPF and Delhi police opened fired in laal kila and more than 100 farmers were injured and several died because of BJP govt plans. BJP very well know how to take political advantage of such situation as they have massive experience after Godra riots.
Bill favor mai hai yaa against ye toh explain ki hi nhi or ye v compare nhi Kia ki same idea bihar mai v use Kia tha but waha v ye buri trha pita or same idea Europe or America mai v use hua tha or waha v pita tha toh ye sab point leke bill explain kro na ki wo bna skty han yaa nhi ye mat btao bna skty han tbi bna lia ha ab ye btao ki good ha yaa bad
These are not real farmers. They might hold lands and are landlord but they are more agents and middlemen and have practice to give their land on contract within local poor people to work on their field. These are more of landlords and Middlemen of Khalistan Suporters.
first time watching channel its really awosome,the way of delivering is wow,easy and sophisticated thanks we should talk about farmers
Jitna ho skta ae sab Delhi jayo and protect farmers please..
1.She said , farmer paid commission, it is absolutely bullshit. Commission has been paid by buyer
They are farmers, not terrorist.
So lets consider even if the other side wins and laws are repealed, but does the other side have any good solution for their misery or any plan to increase their income? Consider this without your hate towards modi.
The research and all is highly appreciated  and great. But it was saddening to see that the word 'middlemen' was not even mentioned. Farmers have been getting low prices, while consumers are paying relatively extremely high prices for the same crop. So it was obvious who was taking away all the cream. This issue was even raised by opposition govt. Leaders but somehow they are quiet now. Moreover, the way the laws are working, there is still an option and people can go along the traditional path, and if that is what farmers want, the traditional chain would be followed without being affected by the unregulated space (it is not like Mandis are being scrapped off). The main issue in hand, is huge miscommunication between the central govt. And the farmers. I think both sides are not still ready to listen to each other completely and other people are trying to advantage of this. Our duty at the moment must be to allow free flow of knowledge on both sides to reach an absolute consensus instead of just being one-sided to look revolutionary.
The answer will say how  it harmful to farmers. 
If supreme court is unable to give justice farmers have all the rights 
Modi ji app ess desh de pm ho ess desh de people ne Vota Paia tanu par ajj jo up vich hoia thik nae
Bjp took back this bill because of up elections, now if they win elections see what will happen?
If these laws are passed, it will benefit the farmers in the poorer states.
Keep up the good work Scoop Woop team. You guys are just amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed the video and gained a lot of insight of the current bedlam in Delhi. I want more videos related to current video ... pls. Stay strong . Sincere and kindest regards from Canada #kisanmajdoorektazindabaad
*The irony is that, we farmers want the laws to be activated! Who are protesting? And after a thorough reading of the 3 laws, I never found a word about me losing my Mandi!*
The current Indian pm would have agreed to the demands if these farmers had been Tea farmers
7.(2) of chapter 2 of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020)
Black flags & khalistanis with t- shirts of ak47; Where from are they getting huge money to roam. They are not any way farmers.
I can see the anger of people in the comment section for 250 million. Does this number  really matter ? As this law will affect the famers as well as middle class people also, so combined  of the middle class and some of the  farmers might be app to 250 million or more .
Ye desh ko duba denge.....every thing should happen through parliament... Road blocking is terrorist activity not a Democratic FYI - I am also a farmer and i dont support this aandolan
 Congress vs BJP  
Listen Please....... Modi win with help of Ambani Adani money and they want back and Modi did bad to farmers...... Modi not running india but rich man who were 10% before Modi but check their wealth now in percentage after super corrupt Modi...... these bills not effect farmers but also poor man who worked in this field...... Modi is worst than Mughals
May Allah b with our innocent sikh brothers and farmers
So much Western Leftist biased misinformation spreading about India and the new Farm Laws. Most of these protestors are not even farmers, they are middle men who will lose their Business once the Free Market is introduced to the Farming sector. And the protestors, mostly middlemen, are only from 2 states, Punjab and Haryana. Farmers and middle men in rest of India are completely fine with the new law. As Trevor said in the video, there are 600 million people in the agriculture industry in India, by the way, India has 150 million Farmers, the other 450 million people are middle men, service and transport companies, distributors, etc., if this Farm Law was so bad, then India would come to a halt, because 600 million people is almost 50% of India's population.
This situation is not being clearly represented on the media. The agriculture laws are actually helpful to farmers from poorer parts of the country
Yes India 60 to 70%  population directly and indirectly are framer so no government can stand when even 50% farmer agianst government so we can say that they are nit farmers they are political workers of opposition
Making APMC's stronger isn't the solution bcuz. then the structure remains the same...if the MSP is raised then the consumers will suffer bcuz ultimately the crop will go through a 50% cost inflation due to the presence of middlemen in this system & if the MSP isn't raised then the farmers will suffer as usual.
Somehow it feels like this guy sengupta is accustomed to seeing glass half empty.  He doesnt see the power of market economy.  All the issues he talks about are hypothetical and fails to mention that one big business can be evil if it has sole power.  The contracts are for a tranche of produce not permanent like the current brokers and agents at the mandi today.  So if one business is trying to exploit them another will emerge that will want to buy the farmers produce at better price for the farmers.  About hoarding, he fails to understand bigger picture.  A big company makes money not by storing but by selling.  Sengupta needs to look at how food is so inexpensive and farmers so rich in advanced economies.  Now if you ask that question, a common answer you get is that India is different.  Well it is not so much.  These economies were not not so great before the market economy came around.
Yogi should lose In this election. Farmers should win.
Next year Assembly election prep in full swingModi bhai2 Kamal he
But nice good things for farmers and all indians.
Kaha ho sarkaar abhi supreme court ne aapke chacha ki tareef kari, aaj kuch nai bologe, ab bol do supreme court me bhi ye kisaan ghus gay they
Movie must  be made on this farmers protest struggle
before dragging religion or BJP support in between issue and demand. please remove dirty political card from ur brain. 
please support indian farmers from fascist indian union govt...
If the elections were two years later from now, the farmers would have to sit for another two years.
So what fraction of India's food is the Punjab going to supply when it goes all organic? It is all well and good pointing out the issues with the current system. But your fix to the problem had better produce as much food as before. And going organic is not going to cut it.
Note: Punjab farmers majority are mandi owners and have income in Millions dollar annually, this new bill will make them job less, so they are misguiding media and farmers just like this video.
Farmers are selling the grains to government... are about 40% are waste grains. 
Chor Looteri SCAMGRESS paying to Loot in the name of Farmers
Full support from Pakistan jeo sheero
Farmer can understand agreement ?
Why don't you beep everything and claim modi was driving it, what a example of reporting he said vehicle belongs to das, if you want to oppose someone point out the faults don't fabricate them. What else to expect from Rubbish
Farmers Consultation should have done during policy formulation rather than during implementation. Such radical Reforms takes time and needs more Consultation. Too hurry in lockdown. Why.
Farmers Rights must
Thank you so much sir for your interpretation on this act, now I come to know that this kisaan movement is politically sponsored.  This act is more beneficial to farmer .
3. She is very cunningly skip dispute mechanism between farmer and businessmen
Farmers needs more help from us 
I'm from Karnataka, a southern state in India. As a son of a farmer we're happy with new reforms. The people who're opposing this bill is just rich farmers from Punjab. BTW VICE news stop your propaganda by joining hands with them.
regulations need to be brought at the right time. But for now , we need that ecosystem to build-up between the corporates and the farmers. After some time regulations could be brought to avoid exploitation.
How rakesh tikayat is a farmar ?
it is the duty of farmers to educate themselves nobody is going to save them ..govt can only provide a growth environment.....it is time farmers stop looking at govt as saviour all the time
Sir Im from Punjab we are100%depend on farming. Sorry but you guys just read the bill and make the video you not release ground reality and the audience we are not a fool going Delhi and fight with the govt
Farmers are doing something India's main opposition fails to do.
First job of yogiji,take care this  crazy teiket and his property.
Wrong. Typical of vox to get things wrong about India yet again. The laws seek to create a Free Market not a de-regulated market.  The current system of Mandis is not being abolished, nor are the minimum support prices. If the mandi is more lucrative than the open markets, then the farmers will obviously choose the mandi. The mandi monopoly needs to be broken. Vox didn't explain how arhatis in the mandi are exploitative. Contract farming that vox denounces, is already being practiced by farmers in Punjab. Yet, the 'farmers' from Punjab are protesting this law. The green revolution was being propped up by heavy subsidies on seed and manure, free water and electricity, farm loan waivers. The  yield also increased owing to infrastructure development. Vox turns into judge, jury and executioner when they understand nothing about Indian politics.
No farmers no food its a fact. We should respect farmers because they are the reason we are alive today..
6:32 that expert himself said MSP is used by 6% of farmers, in short it is a failure
You are expecting too much no one is affected  by political parties  acting like farmers and protesting without  any  agenda.
This is 2021 criminals dont get punishment in india if you are from bollywood and bjp
Dear sir,.       please make another video to highlight the loopholes of this  farmer's Bill. 2 minutes only. Thanks.
In the regime of Narendra Modi and his party-BJP, his ideology source-RSS do not care what happens to people outside their circle of interest 
Govt will reintroduce farm laws but this time with some foothold in punjab with capt amrinder
This might go down in history as your Stalingrad mr modi. A bill for which you and your entire party were vigorously campaigning for past 1 year, u withdrew it and backstabbed all the people who believed in you. Kahan gayee apki 56 inch ki chhati? Aise desh nahin chalte, tikait jaise dakait ko national leader banane ke liye aapko bohot bohot badhai
Amul MD / Farmer scientist of Punjab are saying LAWS are Good for future generations
I am totally against present govt in Up....I want justice for farmer... bcuz farmer is most priority person in our country...
Thanks BBC for covering Farmer's protest when maximum of India media is sold out in the hand of govt
Punjab aur UP may election aa rhe hai 
Those people protesting for Kisan laws actually were *not kisan* but they were *sellers* . They buy crops from UP Bihar and other state farmer in *cheap rate* and sell them at high price. They were protesting because they won't able to loot anymore. Farmers of UP Bihar WB and other states of country are very poor and *they needed the Kisan laws* but those sellers of Punjab didn't want this law to pass otherwise they won't able to loot poor farmers anymore.
I am telling on my opinion that all these is happening because of jio mart to give more benefit ambani with these bill he will directly entered in farming sector and he will earn more profit in these sector
   farmer's bills            clear   ,          views         
I have just one sentence for this farmers law incident
An example of greedy corporations just getting richer and the poor common people getting poorer....truly sad and the Gov't clearly doesn't see value in the poor. India's population is just getting poorer and the rich, more rich! Soon the average middle class will be dragged down...just like we are seeing the farmers being dragged to poverty. Speak well of the Gov't then ya'll!
The govt. now after the agitation claims MSP shall continue to exist but will not give written assurance as demanded by the farmers.
I support  farmers & stand with protest and against government policies
Back to square one. Now I think another group of farmers will start a protest and create problems for bringing it back. I think the farmer situation is hopeless. They themselves don't know what they want.
You can also cover how the bills were passed in the legislative houses and how the Indian media has been covering the protests
Here the new bill can increase the hold of private sector on farming which may leads the higher price of Agriculture Product in retail market and lower profit to Farmers.
Farmers all across India except punjab n hariyana have no issues with farm laws
Now the govt will surely try to complicate the process of availing MSP. They will hit the point for which farmers are fighting and also mask it by labeling it with another due diligence to minimise corruption. Akash sir. Please note that. And tally my words after this parliament session
Big salute to all our Farmers
These are just positive PR & Marketing strategies by Modi because of upcoming elections
Plz Explain the Impact of Farmer's Policy on Indian business
People are also  reason for poor farmers they will buy 400 rupees kaju 600 ruppes badam for 'gajar ka halewa' but they will only make halwa if  carrot is at 20 ruppes kg
Im with farmers with 100% but what about the those shops...that are closed due to this protest...from past one month shops are closed...who will paid thier rents???
Remember that people are the power not modi nor Amit shah nor bjp
It's OK PM ji ,good that the Govt has taken this stand ,now let's hope our farmers return to the fields and start a fresh harvest from their Farm 
Down with #modi #istandwithfarmers
Dear  farmers , check the ground water of the land before cultivating anything .
Why so many farmers kill them self because of the old laws
India farmers with Modi
Yet not cleared why are farmers protesting?
The style of your explanation is really nice. However, you basically discussed the flaws of APMC act in its present form but not the pros and cons new bills that have been introduced.
3) farmer cannot go to court if there is any dispiute but corporates can go to court agianst farmers
Only farmers (?) Of punjab are protesting...rest of the farmers in the country are doing their job "farming"
5. India has formers in others states too. The protest is mainly by some section in three states.  What about the other states?
They aren't farmers they are Middlemen.
Correction* Punjab is no longer the bread basket of India, Madhya Pradesh has taken over Punjab in terms of wheat production!
Modi prepared for "Hindu - Muslim" while Our FARMER'S came out of the syllabus 
They are not just fighting for MSP but scraping all the 3 farm acts. This is making situation more complicated as government can't step back.
msp is minimum support price, not minimum selling price and one more thing when you say the price increase by 50% when they reach to consumer then how can you say that something we buy for rs 70 is sold by farmer at 7 rs as per your logic  if the prices increase by 50% then something sold by farmer at rs 7 is available to consumer at price of rs 9.5. please give logical examples
RIP farmers. RIP farm laws.
1. Why these were not taken back after 3 meetings with farmers and also arranged 13 seatings with farmers even though it was not taken back.
They are not farmers, the protest is hizaked by Khalistanis
Current Indian Government of BJP is many things but 'democratic' surely is not one of them.
Salute to farmers... beautiful video great teamwork of video making ...sound, aerial shoot, directed and Editing 
Satnam. Waehguru. Ji. Respected. Sir. Very. Nicely. Said. But. Minimum. Compensation. Should. Be. Given. To. The. Kind. Of. Deceased. Farmers. Please. Modi. Ji. Do. It. Farmers. Family. Blacing. You. Thank. Jay. Hind
I am from Kolkata,this man is absolutely right,I stand with farmers,jai jawan jai kisan
was speaking to one of my friends brother, a farmer and he feels completely let down.
Great job stand with farmers 
c) Presently if the farmers feel the traders/corporate/agents working inside the APMC Mandis are involved in any unfair practices, they could complaint to the APMC Officers located in the yard itself. However, with the new Bill, in case of any disputes, farmers would be required to go to a sub-divisional magistrate court  which is beyond the capacity of small farmers to pursue given their financial constraints.
firstly these 3 bills are not in favor of farmers.
Thankyou man #istandwithfarmers
Khan sahib m a farmer, it's not so. Farmer always being victimized.
After implementation this bill.. The farmers leader could have initiated na or state give also can initiate... Or panchayat also can be... But no one is coming and talking in thus rirection as far as farmer strike is concerned
I am sorry but this is a TOTAL misrepresentation of facts. The OLD systems are continuing alongside the NEW system. The Farmers are free to choose where they want to go. For 40 years the small farmers have been at the mercy of the MIDDLEMEN and BIG Farmers who are now afraid of losing their big-money making Cash Cow. The farmers in Haryana and Punjab are making so much money because of procurement by the government at UNUSUALLY high prices. Nearly 50% of the entire procurement budget for THE WHOLE COUNTRY is being.  spent in only 2 states - Punjab and Haryana for buying Wheat and Rice. That is unfair as it leaves states like Bihar at the bottom of the pile. Also, India is a Wheat & Rice surplus state, but the farmers in these two states do not want to diversify their crops. Growing Rive in a state that does not have the heavy rainfall needed for Rice Cultivation has meant a very serious lowering of the water table affecting the entire population and other farmers who are into Horticulture etc. This nonsense HAS TO STOP !!  And these laws are doing it. Farmers ALL OVER INDIA are HAPPY. It is only a few thousand farmers, who are being egged on by political outfits and separatist groups like the Khalistanis who are refusing to talk to the governement.
Divendra for someone who reads the Gita??? False statements is not good . I live in the US. Your 1965 model followed Socialist Soviet  Farming .Maoist?? It is a worldwide farming crisis. Your statement is false  of Roll back. APMC
The joke's on you bhakt couple, the 3 farm bills have been repealed.
Farmer bill need improvement in it. 
Tried by all means to weaken agitation, also by bring split in farmers.
Awsome....finally farmers own
U said about theoretical please explain practicaly what will happen if bill is passed no one is explaining about that.U assuming about the implementation explain how it will affect farmers
Farmer's  protests against 
Modi is violating the right to protest, the right to express opinion. Is this the democratic India for which we struggled? Rip the democracy
What ever support this farmers had is now gone. The nation stands with govt now. 
3). Govt wants to stand private mandi parallel to APMC. very clearly it shows govt does not want to focus on agriculture anymore.
Respect to farmers but to dalaals. Full support to farm laws.
The problem will arise after few years when big cooperation will again form a monopoly. Government should take steps to prevent this and this is the reason why protests are happening because farmers know what will happen in few years time
Telling people it is not 'ahankar' broken but 'vinmrata' of Modiji 
Vice needs to investigate why only farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting...and not the rest of India!!..
Hats off to struggle of real farmers. 
Any FIR against those who lynched the driver and BJP members?
puri duniya mai bejjati ho gyi yaar. Never trusting farmers ever again , they promised peaceful rally
Feeding cows and having government job have huge differences with agriculture come with panjab farmers they will show ground zero of farming and problems they face
I SUPPORT This bill...
This bill is not about farmer but hits the middleman, who are the leaches in our system and have a very powerful lobby and opposition party supports.
I hope that farmers in india and pakistan both get their rights becuase they deserve it
Feeling really bad for Adani right now. What about his future farm business plans? Modi cheated on him. What about his " One India, one farmer" vision.
Too much dirty politics from Congress nd Rakesh Tikait demolishes value of Indian Parliament.
These bills were passes in the favour of big corporates not ambani adani not farmers. 
 He is a traitor... Rakesh Tikait..now give solutions to farmers. Stop putting burden on tax payers shoulders. That is what Rakesh Tikait are doing. Dirty politics... Rakesh Tikait should be in jail
Overall not discussed currently farm bill in Total video.
All drama started now before election like taking farmers law back, reducing 10 rupees on petrol after increasing 50 on petrol,  master in acting wah
Worst prime minister of india modi
Kissan Ekta ZINDABAD ZINDABAD. World Leaders should get together and support the farmers of India
Great personality of the country PM Modi Ji  has shown politeness in the interest of the country is  appreciable. Thanks.  It is my personal view may be wrong.
In bihar people have nearly 20 acre of land them why the come to Punjab and Haryana they can do farming there in Bihar. they come to Punjab and Harayana because in Bihar rules worked and people didn't get good price
I don't want to diminish any of this but want to bring up an observation, I previously held a commercial applicators license here in the US and worked for 5 years spraying farms.  The lack of care given when handling the herbicides and treated seeds in these clips shows a breakdown in training on personal protective equipment on top of the scenario already present.  Not only is the system killing farmers through economic and social health aspects, but they're slowly going to kill themselves walking barefoot in the herbicide etc. Until some of the people can change the system they need to try to find a way to get these people boots, gloves etc if at all possible via supply and or funding. 
Don't underestimate the power of the farmers.
I tried to understand farm bills from many videous.
Legal contracts: contracts will be lengthy, costly litigation involved, lands will be leased long term and binding contracts will be difficult to exit. Agreements are designed so they do not allow farmers to break out of poverty cycle. 
This will only help big farmers. But loss for the small farmers. There are only handful of big farmers.
Best Police Force in the world. U P Police...Don't think listeners are fools .... You only can fabricate cooked up stories such as this. Great effort by UP Police. I appreciate your loyalty to Yogi and BJP. Plz claim your pay immediately credited to your account for the loyalty and dedication to saving the real culprits. Well done Yogi ji and Mishra ji for such a wonderful training given to your cops. You teach us what policing should not be and how much menial that a state's Police force can be..... Remind them they are not your paid gundas and they take some oath to be genuine and sincere at least to their uniform and to the Constitution. Big salute.. plz don't disregard yourself by licking the shoes of your masters.....You have a dignity...
Due to dirty politics bill repealed
70 yes of independence how many farmers got rich??
Notice how only the people from India that are well off are complaining about the poor farmers protesting for their livelihood.
Be impartial only bcoz u might  support a particular community so it doesnot mean u go against each n every progressive step of the Honourable Govt.
Not farmers protest .Anti-Indians  protest .Just  two states  middlemen doing .U R saying it a massive one .That shows what U R .
Punjab Govt expert panel urged reforms akin to farm laws but Captain rejected
This is one of worst videos on farm bill. If a person watch this videos and then watches any of the debates of Anand Ranganathan, he will simply switch from being a supported to a opposition.  Apart of an assured MSP I didn't see any valid point in this monolog. 
We have farmers forming as societies  in different places and small farmers can surely benefit with marketing activity and in other scenarios, better with this new bills.
U talked about 'contract farming'... The model in nasik completely failed...and farmers were forced to sell off their lands... Ur McDonald's example sounds good only on papers
Victory of farmers against ravana
I don't Why Modi want people to spend time and energy on unwanted bills..  pahle MPs and MLA k uper danda karo.. jinke pass croro  rs hai.. and still doing hell lot of curruption..in many different ways ..
These fears gain strength with the experience of States such as Bihar which abolished APMCs in 2006. After the abolition of mandis, farmers in Bihar on average received lower prices compared to the MSP for most crops.
This is politics by all political parties. In the interest of the Nation Mr Modi has taken back the Agricultural Bill passed by the parliament.
I am from the city in which this singhu broader is attached,Modi is an upper caste leader,most of the upper caste support this leader even if it means crushing the constitution values,he is most idiot leader,he holds a fake degree.
from farmer, so there are chances that in future these companies will 
They are not farmers? They are outsiders... !?
The new laws are very farmer friendly. Only the rich farmers are protesting. Almost all the poor farmers are in support of the new laws
Quite a flawed logic when you said making the agriculture should have a free market. You should check history of the vanilla farmers in Kerala and so many more examples. Apmc Act was never implemented properly in the first place. APMC is to Agriculture what govt schools and govt hospitals are to education and health. Privatisation will only lead to the fall in the living quality, standards and livelihood of farmers and landless labourers.
pls help farmers .  this  video must be in trend everywhere such as  jee exams
Up election yaadi bjp jeeti..........to aam logo bahut pareshan ho jayenge.
 Indiyaileface cheyyunna ettavum valiya problem avarde productsinu reasonable price kittathathu kondanu.. athinu solutions anu ee bill
100+ petrol ho gya wha modi acche din aane wale he....... Jai jawan jai kisan
If you come out with wrong and half researched facts to make a informational video on topics such as these which are resulting in farmers protest, then you are not really educating people about the current issues. It actually is misleading people.
These farmers have stood up to heartless neoliberal capitalism and won!
just imagine if there were no concept of election in India then these laws would never be taken back
Repeal of farm laws is not the end of agitation . Modiji will face more dangerous situation in coming days.
We all should support our all farmers 
3. State Governments-Marketing boards will lose thousands of crores of rupees as businessmen will purchase directly from farmers.
Why should majority farmers suffer because of these middle men and anti national goons? Humble appeal to Pm Modi to continue with these farm laws which were benefiting the majority farmers community!
Even though government won't provide subsidy but still the farmer can get his money according to the legal agreements which is signed priorly
i agree with almost everything you said but that soldier hitting sardar ji uncle pic is a propaganda image  and i am sure you must be aware of this. But still you are using the same. What message it will give? See the problem is with the bill, let's be vocal against it and get things sorted. Why to politicize it and complicate it for no reason?? baad me mouka nahi milega politics karne ka?
As India is democratic & Independent,Everyone have right to wear anything they want, bt it should not against National Security. ABP what's your opinion on White shirt & Half paint Ideology?
bills are in favour of farmers
Support to the ndian farmers 
Farm bills explained well
India Govt will emerge with some other rule after election 
Who's here after the farm laws are repealed
koi ni modi ji.. Kisan bhaiyo ke vote apko wese bhi ni milenge ... Unhe sab free bat do tab bhi kam padega.. Please focus on  your Middle class sevice class.  Increase their Income tax for cover all your losss.
2.farmer now free to sell the crops anywhere in india 
Shameless modi government step down. You have destroyed India. Now you are selling Indian companys. This is ridiculous and we want you out.
Ill make a video showing a similarity between Adolf Hitler and Godi, Heinrich Himler and Godi's No-1 Henchmen, and Joseph Goebbels and Noise of India..
This farmers protest was going way to far not looking like farmers protest but as dehli riots or Shaheen bagh
Thanks for you supporting  farmer
 When Modi was just six months old, India had hosted the first Asian Games in New Delhi and Jawaharlal Nehru introduced India's first five-year plan.
One of the most unbiased video I watched on farm bill
Jai Kisan! , love from Malaysia. Wishes to all Hindu farmers.
Regarding, the court settlement of disputes, do they want to drag these honest, poor and innocent farmers to the web of lengthy, expensive, cumbersome legal procedures of Indian judicial system???. Nowadays, it is taking more time to get a dispute redressal in a reasonable manner. You must also note that most of SDM's are young IAS recruits who entered the system with the utmost vigour, competence and ardent devotion to doing good for the society. You should also note that the workload of a local judge is more than the same as an SDM. Of course, no system is perfect and blemishes-free. Even if a farmer is allowed the option to approach the court, there is no guarantee he/she will get a suitable redressal because of the widespread corruption in the Indian legal system. So, I suggest each and every one approach the issue in a more open and unbiased manner. We cannot allow our emotions to rule over the visible facts, figures and realities. I know I am not that educated but I always try to approach an issue in an honest way without any prejudices.
The issue has turned more political than an actual farmer issue. The poor farmer who will benefit from this law cannot protest because he is busy feeding his family.
I request and urge all the readers and subscription members to download pdf of all 3 farm bill and read it by yourself. 
And a few hours later his ministers said they can consider bringing in the laws at a later date. Shows two faced nature of Modi BJP.
Now the Govt. is trying to stop this by refusing to buy chemically contaminated wheat @MSP .. sound's logical right? Why would you be obliged to buy poisonous wheat to feed to your population when there are plenty of food production now .. it was needed during the green revolution days (as there were not sufficient food) but not now anymore .. Most of the mandi-owners and affluent farmers are very rich - because they have been using this govt. privilege for decades now. Obviously they want to continue in the same way, while rest of the country dies from eating their poisonous wheat.
CONGRATS TO ALL MY FARMER FRIENDS - VIBRANT DEMOCRACY - what about Ranaut's democracy - throw it out!!
10 month continues protest and 600 farmers death isn't a joke! Imagine Modi's cruelty.
And mandis are already dead in most part of India....people will sell to highest price outside market albeit illegally...and some states noticed and gave up on mandi and deregulated it ......now this laws will give big foreign companies or conglomerate who can invest in the storages ,facilities transportation and also help in contracting out the farmers at good prices and offer help in modernization of agriculture.....
This is the best explanation video on farm bill I have watched on YouTube. Hats off to your efforts. I found your channel a few weeks back. At that time it was around 101k subscribers. And now it's 161k subscribers. I'm happy that your channel is getting visibility. It's really an astounding growth within just a few weeks. This is clear evidence that when you put in the effort and give value to your audience you will definitely succeed. Huge congratulations to you. I hope you continue making such quality videos. All the best for reaching 1M subscribers (with this rate, just around the corner). 
Great Work llantop. Thanks for showing the Truth. Good deeds and Bad deeds are being watched by God. Keep up with the Truth in this black blind India. You will be blessed by all the Farmers who are on the Road.
* Gita Gopinath, the chief economist at IMF says, "These laws will help widen the market for farmers and allow them to sell to multiple outlets besides the Mandis without having to pay tax. And this had the potential to raise, in our view, farmers incomes"
We are always with you modi ji. Don't forget he is modi he would have planned something big and good for our  nation bharat.i am proud to be bhakt.
Their unity , enthusiasm,will power touched my soul .More power to our farmers.#supportfarmersmovement
Being a farmer. Our products are choked within the district. Mandi inspector exploit further. Only Adatiyas benefited . This is a set back for small  farmers.
this happens when mislead people protest , not knowing laws ... at the start of these protest we were supporting them but after some leaders of farmer protest used these for political purposes we started ignoring them and after26th january I lost faith in them completely....and then I myself took an account of laws and thought there is nothing to be worried about except a particular section for which government proposed amendments but they{ farmer leaders } never talk about that instead talk rubbish political talks sucking farmers vote...shameless people
World Supports the Farmers of India. If the Farmers do not get a fair opportunity to live and work in a free market, how will the people of India eat? Modi must of got a slap from GOD.
i have watched full video and i want to thank to scoopwoop unscripted , samdish and his cameraman for showing reality of this protest they are real farmers and shame on national media (godi media) .
I thought doing an "Indian" accent was racist and stereotyping. Or does it not apply to right wing supporters
All the farmers will stop protesting if govt announce minimum price of buying produce from farmers. 
From the farm to the table without intermediaries would be the greatest achievement for all farmers and consumers all over the world and would also popularise healthy ways of growing food
The farmers have proved that they are comfortable with the middle men eating up their profits 
Farmers are not getting the deserving rewards for their sweat & toil. Small farmers are very poor and unprivileged. Only processors of food & agro products and Wholeseller are making money with scoundrels & corrupt politicians.
Congratulations to all farmers and citizens of India/ Bharat
One the most powerful farmers folk in the world.
Mandi buyers are also exploiting kisaan( mandi don't buys produce on msp !).
These laws with a few changes made in the interest of farmers as is their demand can be revolutionary and can bring an end to these protests but currently they're more deadly than anything in a long run, both for consumers and farmers.
Thank you very much for sharing Very sad and eye opening of the struggle with Punjab Farmers
I support for our farmers
If the laws were so pro farmer, why is he withdrawing them now?
These Black Farm laws are against the CONSUMERS .  Harmful to the farmers as well as consumers .
9th if msp is made legal than do govt have so large budget and capacity to procure and store the produce of 40-50 cr farmers of nation? Leave indian govt do govt of any other nation have this kind of budget (10cr avg farmers  50,000 avg agri production)2 (rabi and kharif season)=10,00,000cr rs per year?
It's ok If you can't support them but please respect them, they're farmer's not terrorist.indian media telling lies.
The TRUTH is that if these are Farmers then Kasab was a Freelancer.
Must say...the farmers have  organized it Really well...Food,news updates, farming and clarity of thoughts...impressive...
Ha wo tho karna he tha kyu ki BJP election jo haar rahe hai  yesa he hoga aage chal ke bhi
Apne bhutt achi video with research banai but kya ap aur simple language use kar sakte hain jo ek farmer isse dekhe aur samjh paye...
This not only affects farmers, it also affects consumers since the corporates decide price of each commodity.
PM modi can save india from  all of this 
Foreign media is covering farmers protest more than Indian media .
People who orchestrated such violence, where farmers has been killed should be brought to justice. Given the politics in India, no justice will happen, that is for sure.
Bhakts are in shock.... Terrorists and separatist finally win despite modi ji
I am against this farmer protest
Hope they reinstate the farm laws in a phase wise manner post state elections
Companies can control the type of product and its procurement prices by contract farming. In case of dispute farmers cannot go above SDM LEVEL. 
Lone from Tamil Nadu We stand with the farmers. And you should also know about the protest by Tamil farmers a few years back in Delhi.
The man who is speaking is from swaraj india whose editor in chief is yogendra yadav (this man knows everything like something he becomes economicst, doing election analysis, is now became farmer from last 2 nd half months), who is the culprit behind this so called peaceful protest.
For instance please refer to the present situation of petrol and diesel price though India has a huge storage of crude oil within India and abroad as well and the prices can be manipulated as per their ease.
The so called guaranteed minimum price is not what most of the farmers get in the mandis due to the middle men, please do a through research if you want to present your points.
Why msp & why not free market , who told kisan to cultivate only paddy which decrease  the ground water with low profitability.  We need to focus manufacturing industry. There should be no tax relaxation for farmers who are earning more than 10 lacs / yr especially  for Punjabi farmers who are exploiting the government & hence tax payers money.
Keep it always with farmers
Guiding the farmers to wrong pAth.
This is not the victory of farmer of india this is only the victory of rakesh tikati..that we all know these laws are made for the goodness of farmer don't blame anyone dhruv rathe you are spreading only negative thoughts just put your negative thinking with you
Big fall back for Indian Farmers.
Farmers have better mind than government 
Only with farmers .... Govts comes and goes farmers don't...
Update: The farm bills are repealed. So this wonderful thing called democracy Works!!!
If wrong people, not farmers, were agitating, why did the Centre decide to repeal all three farm laws? Was it under the pressure from powerless opposition? Was it keeping in mind the UP and Punjab election? Has BJP become power-hungry all of a sudden?
The bottom line is the mediators are losing the easy income they used to get...That's why the protests... If the mediators are buying the crops from farmers for a valid price then why are they worried that the farmers will go somewhere else... It's a huge misconception that "farmers" are protesting..... MSP still remains, what's the problem then.... And lastly, you cannot compare this act with the laws of other countries since the requirements of this country is much much different than others....
Farmer's don't believe his repeal word because he may say later it was joke like 15lakhs rupees in your account that's why farmer's want it to be done in parliament by paper work.
I agree with all the points you said but there is some factual error like when you pointed out during the 2nd bill that farmers hoard the produce in their storage units/warehouses, it is wrong, as more than 70% of the farmers in India are small and marginal in nature (having less than 2hactres of land) they don't even have a storage unit, the hoarding is always done by the middleman. And the second point is you didn't even mention that what is the actual demand of the farmer- which is repealing of all the three laws no matter what, they are not asking to amend the loopholes you mentioned, they just want that all the laws should be scrapped, which is wrong. overall the video was very informative and the explanation was perfect with all the examples you mentioned. Thank you so much for your explanation.
1. It has been announced that 3 farm laws will be repealed in next parliament session but it's not repealed yet. It is very hard to trust the current government considering their actions and behavior so far.
We are with farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Everything u said was true except u did not include that - in the bill 'farmers are devoid of their basic right- "to approach court doors"'. They would face similar situation what BSNL faced. And do u think privatisation is  good for our own people yes it will develop country but will not help people.Goverment should own something that will ensure protection of people if a calamity happens. Private company would just run away with the profit they had made but this government is relentless to sell this nations tresure just for their own benefit.
support to farmers
the law will taken back  its good and i support farmers,,,,,,
70 years tak farmers were happy and growing. And when this bill came suddenly realized farmers will be at a loss.
poor farmers... what a struggle to earn a living with decency and hard work... Modi could have repealed this law a year ago!
Contract between farmer and private company will be there in the presence of Mandi
The products which are not in the essential lost can be stored. If the potatos are stored by the farmer or company, they can create an artificial demand by which price will increase. What stupidity is this??
Ok, so new bills are trying to end monopoly of traders (govt supporters) that is great.
There are many mistakes in what you're saying. Farmer can only sell his produce in his local APMC. Selling outside APMC or selling to other APMC of the state is ILLEGAL according to old law. but some states like MH, KA have policies to allow sale of some goods outside APMC. Please read the act and then make videos. You are popular so please speak responsibly
I feel very sorry for Prime Minister. He wanted to bring progress and prosperity to the farmers community. But these middlemen and arhtiyas gangs from Punjab and Western UP made his efforts go waste. The farmers from other parts of the country will never forgive Rakesh Tikait and Khalistani elements who stopped farmers from what they wanted.
She ignores the fact that the farmers have been peacefully protesting for 2 months, no mention of the 70 who had died before the more publicised clash, no talk about the Sikh farmers who are also protecting police officers. Is this journalism or am I reading the one-sided report of year 4 child
Let's not forget over 160 farmers have died now due to environmental hazards because of how cold it is sitting on those borders day and night during winter and rains. 
True God died 4 all our sins n arose on 3 rd day billions believe him n sure in heaven,yet some reject....
Long live the farmers!
Be a farmer and know what are the issues, not every farmer is dumb as you think! I'm a son of the farmer and proud to be. So, don't spread fake and misleading news. That's a deception!
What about ... Stockings ?? ..full video bnaya kro ... Indian government should improve APMC .... & enam app bhul gye ho gye ? Online selling ? Ye bill bhi vaisa hi h ... Sirf aam logo ki zindagi barbaad krega & Ambani Adani ko power dega
Supportingourfarmers
wellStudied, well explained keep it up. As far as farmers are concerned existing practice is enough and more if Govt. machinery acts well to safeguard the interests of farmers.
Modi want to make vote bank stronger for U.P election.
Haryana full support Proud of you yr Love u yaaro Kisaan Hi Jitega
Modi ji bhut hi achche actor hai aur jhut bhi bhut confidence se bolte hai
Thanks  the Delhiest those who really understand the pain of poor farmers & it is dominion'a effect on every individual who are using daily commodities in their house hold. BJP govt is supporting the cooperates & not caring about the whole india. Jai jawan jai kishan. INQULAB JINDABAD
It would have been nice to have a discussion of the Bill (for and against) these protests just seem like scub/anti-scub.
Tomorrow if all farmers without their land type for MSP start harvesting a single crop.....Will it serve purpose...????
#ViCE Do you dare speak about what % of farmers participated...
farmers do not want to come under Income tax slab, that's why they refuse new farmer laws.
Wase sar bill tho kishan hit me hai
We Pakistani s support Indian farmers bravo to them . I wish Pakistani farmers have such courage to stand for there rights which corrupt politicians have made disappear
Small farmers can form their own private/government cooperative organization with respect to which crops they are producing. Then the free market idea can be legible according to me because if all the farmers producing apples get united as one unit it will be tough for companies to con them
Farmers feeds this nation politicians don't.
This paints a very sorry picture of Indian State. It shows that if you are able to gather crowd, block infrastructure and manage perception you can force the state to repeal any law. This template will be now repeated in future for sure. 
Btw central bill implemented in punjab ?? I vl say it again.... they have particular agenda against pm...
Dilli Chalo.......salute to farmers of punjab n nation.
This farm laws are very harm to farmer's.  Goverment should not implement this laws!
Absolutely misguiding. The example given that out of auctioned price of rupees 100 farmers gets only 10 in APMC is grossly wrong. Middleman I.e.Commision Agent is paid only a commission and other service charges, thus essentially there is no middleman between trader and farmer in APMC. Traders being small and many there is no cartelization whereas as per new Bill's it will be a monopoly.  On  a burning issue every   Tom, Dick and Harry starts opinioatating even if he has no first hand knowledge of the subject. This man did exactly the same.
With a large section of Indian population's who are farmers , livelihoods at stake, it is natural for them to suspect the intentions of the current rulers , seeing the botched implementation of GST and bad decisions like Demonetization, one cannot simply accept anything thrown on oneself without protest.Althoug the current set of farm laws were looking ground breaking at face, one cannot ally the fears what might happen when these are implemented.  Similar situations have occured in US with negative results where corporates have taken undue advantages. I think these laws need to be redone with extensive discussions with farmers from every state and a slow but careful implementation needs to be thought out. The Devil always remains in the details.
Can you please highlight & share the portion of bill, where it is mentioned that there will not be any tax if produce is sold outside APMC (video at 8.15 seconds onwards)?
The opposition wanted a vote on Farmers bill, that did not happen either.
3. Indian government not just offered to suspend the farm reforms for 18 months. But it also offered point by point discussions on every provision of farm laws so both farmers and government can reach a consensus in those 18 months. 
Like farmers and company must and should be profit on 25% or 18% . Every trade. 
it was not just about the farm laws but also about govt trampling democracy under its foot...salute to brave farmers...and victory to democracy..
What about your home state Kerala sir.....kuch bhi.....there are no APMCs and no MSP yet farmers are happy......need to bring same model to entire India or else its just your hypocrisy...by making videos you will get some money enjoy it
Its open for farmer either to sale to APMC or Corporates after this Bill. Government should construct big cold storages in every Taluka free of cost to Farmers for storage for particular period.
Next time when Gurdwaras and Sikhs are attacked, will you still go to Modi to seek help? You have forgotten so fast how many Sikhs he saved recently from the attacks in Pakistan and Afghanistan?
I admire of modi govt generally, but if it becomes true as you told then I will hate modi till the end of my life.
2. If Punjab State government does not like the bill, they may chose not to implement in their state.
2:00 Read out the price trigger condition in essential commodities it is justified by itself
Due to politics,  farmers and middlemans only suffer.
modi government dystroy India
Mam is it not wrong  to remove middle man because farmers in our country is not that capable or say qualified to directly deal with big firm and by removing middle man chances for getting exploit by big firms can increase
Good presentation. Gvt must work with farm leaders to working on new laws ...input with all will help with new farm law. This is not a loss for modi...or win for farmers. Common sense won over.
This video was in December 2020 and now it's September 2021. You said it's 15 days farmers are protesting and you hoped that government would make necessary changes to the bills in 5-7 days.
Why BBC is not in favour of farmers livelihood...?
Pakistan is standing with the Indian farmers. We value your rights and legacy.
 Farmers are the backbone of our country. Politicians are so short-sighted. No funny.
I am a farmer...thank you for supporting us
It's the middlemen instigated protests along with some farmers unions. The Farmers would be benefitted , let them experieince the new laws for a season or two, then they would understand.
Thanks for discussing this issue because if Farmers r not there we won't get our meal anymore..
Injustice is being done to the food provider,the heroes of green revolutions,l am a farmer and l am. Humiliated.
Undoubtedly it is defeat of poor farmers of the country and the victory of those who are fraud , criminals , destroyer and blind .
Let the truth come out during trial. No politics should be played on the loss of lives of farmer. Other Political party will try to make most of just coming into limelight.
Kindly tell us about how to develop storage system of Agriculture products and why farmers cannot hold the  storage house in there area.
Hats Off to farmers and to Mr Bannerjee as well... 
Whatever you do good, useful or think good work for them is useless and waste of time. These farmers are always diverted to a WRONG directions by a wrong PEOPLE LIKE Rakesh daaku. Then they sit and cry, cry and cry . When a right time and good opportunities were available they NEVER come forward to take a USE OF IT when it is around. Some people in India always love to play SHAKUNNI Game. So P V Narsimha Rao also gave up on certain people when he came to know that these people are NEVER willing to uplift themselves nor grow to standard as a normal citizens. He really tried his level best work for people of India as a PM of India in congress Time. Sad his own ministers in his party were cunning and cheated him at the time of courage and support.
If the farmers themselves do not want any policies then why is the nemestic government so eager to issue those?? Please stay strong farmer brothers, we all will support you no matter how long it takes to get justice.
These protests have fizzled out. These farmers cant tell what is wrong with the laws except that they want the new laws taken back. These protests are by vested interests and only around Delhi by Punjabi and UP rich landlords. There are NO such protests in west, east or south India.
A bill should be to help farmers and remove all middlemen  one farmer to retailer or wholesaler to consumer 
Trevor: Love your comic timing, and focused reporting that is always funny and on the mark. Your report on Indian Farmer Protest is informative and balanced. 
Extremely superficial "analysis". When you say "rough situation for those farmers", you mentioned only the propaganda, and not inconvenients facts like:
Major reasons our farmers are protesting : becz of feeling of insecurity i.e loss of msp . 
BBC's statement that the 3 Farm laws were detrimental to small farmers is a complete #LIE. In fact, it is the reverse. These 3 farm laws were for #improving the income by #small #farmers by allowing them to sell as a cooperative outside the regulated farmer market (called APMC Mandi in India). However, this would have made the large farmers and the middlemen in regulated farmer's markers lose their political clout and the latter were the ones protesting on streets especially in Punjab and Western UP states of India.
Yes you are the best bjp ko ek hatne do modi india rahega nhi
Very Good Work  Khalistan Tehreeq Zindabad....
We support farmers
18. The Indian Farmer, till these 3 laws were passed did not have the say to sell their produce at profit and to whom they desired.
When one does not know what is the main issue how can someone expect a solution on that..Center had imposed laws on farmers without discussing with them!
Seems to be khalistani movement in foregin country all sikh flags no farmers flags . Seems to be community movement i support farmer movement not the sikh special movement
Please cover some more stories on ground there. People of my  county should come together in support of our farmers.
Absolutely practical presentation, laudable bill is not in the interest of the Comman man and needless to say the worst affected farmers.
Good explanation, thanks.  It seems that the farmers have found effective ways to impact the country in a way that makes them hard to ignore. May the greed driven encroachments be turned back before they further harm these vulnerable farmers.
we can not sell it in other states because many of the farmers dont even have their own tractor so how can we afford the cost of transportation.
Great! But the *Sad* part is that elections are coming! And poor farmers will again vote *BJP* AND THEY WILL DO THIS SH*T AGAIN! 
The way things are going in the favor of the big corporates like Adani and Ambani it's evident govt does not give a flying fuck about the people or the farmers so it's evident why farmers are protesting. #Kisaanektazindabad
I have many punjabi friends. I'm Mexicans. The best wishes for your fight. In Mexico we had the same problem but now we have an awesome President who cares about farmers. Corrupt politicians blinded by money
Plenty of arguments and articles are available either supporting Modi or criticizing Modi. 
Down with Modi Govt. No response on the 700 deaths of farmers duribg protest.
We in India support farmers' agitation.
Support Kejriwal for PM of India
He didn't said a word about farmer deaths. I guess he didn't dig deep enough.
I feel sorry for the poor Indian farmers. After watching this report I checked my countries rice production & my country Bangladesh produces 25 milllion metric tons in such a small country Subhanallah.
Not anti nationalist.farmers. who wants to spoil indian reputation
Government should listen to those farmers. Such hard government will result in division of Indian society.
i have listened from my fore fathers that how strong and dedicated punjabis are but now i'm seeing it live,,,you are fighting for right cause my fellow brothers,,we are with you...jai kisaan
Even the farmers son also leave the agriculture and go to city for job if they have some educational qualification
Farmers lost.
yes it is not the problem with literacy  , people not trying to understand and following media and what others are saying is the main problem, media and opposition will try to find flaws in all great reforms , that is their job, but as Indians we have to understand and think is it good for us or not, they all did find flaws in demonetization( look how digital transaction has grown) , GST ( formalizing tax like everywhere else ), RERA ( wiped out most of the corrupted real estate market ), IBC ( bad promoters like Anil Ambani will go bankrupt and will have to sell their company, it will get very easy and quick for banks to get back their money even if it is going to be less ) farm bill ( will eliminate middleman and give more profit to farmers and less prices top cosumers like us ) and labor laws ( union       ,   ) it is too selfish for people to think they want more salary in the cost of future employment and growth of the company and India, most employees will support and media and opposition will support , but we know the truth ..
what are the farmers protesting against? Supreme Court already kept the farm laws on hold !!!
Now the farmer can sell on MSP or to you  if you will give higher value, so shall kisan gets this or not?
I never knew farming finance would be this complicated... Respect to Smart farmers..!
What i think will be beneficial is to give VRS to all farmers with the best pension and free house and free provisions for 2 generation as the loyal citizens served the nation and thy world. Let agriculture be privatized and let educated engineers enter the field and use technology to manage. I'm sure, our yield will be 1000% more than the present. The only condition is to honour the legacy farmer to the best of best.
1. As per law, govt may prepare a fixed format for contracts, but it is not done yet. If it is done it will help the farmers who do not have strong legal acumen.
It is right time for all Indian to united along with farmers to protest against privatsation.Pls look at the price rise in fuel to all commodities.corpoate companies are become rich and hardworking people become poor under BJP leadership. Farmers has open the eyes of others.this is wake up call.....
You can see the visuals in this video of a person in the minister convoy running after crushing a farmer under his vehicle. This guy was identified as sumit Jaiswal.
You need to study why MSP was first introduced back in 60's and 70's to understand the total game behind this protest. Do you think the farmers are at loss here? Nope. Its the middlemen. 
Support to farmers. They are our life
I am Indian from West UP and there is injustice being done to the farmers which is wrong. I strongly condemn this and the government should change it and accept the farmers' words.  Modi government is doing good for big businessmen but by implementing this law they will cut off the stomach of poor farmers and laborers.
But those are protesting, they are only from Punjab and Hariyana. They are not even looks like farmars. They come to protest with Mercedes Benz car.. Punjab is under Congress Party.  This is just nothing but a Political drama by congress..
Farmer: ''without my food your iphone ain't worth shit''
#MSP___ #FarmersProtest
Brilliant video that covers a complicated issue with so many different factors. It baffles my mind that our governments dont support these sustainable farming solutions globally when environmental disasters are clearly unfolding around us. 60% of all life on earth lost since the 1950s largely due to deforestation and pesticides, mostly for beef production. This is the alarm sounding loud. 
Well explained and if any govt wants to do good for farmer they should sincerely to his advise
The image of Modi ji has not been stunned by any of the farmers.
There should not be any middle man with farmers
We'll stand with Kisaan till death. Have some shame Godi media.
Who will pay who died while protesting against bills 
Hopefully....our farmers brother will welcome .. and help IND grow 
You didn't mention the loophole of the MSP due to which all the GOV till date hesitated to make it compulsory. The point is simple..Farmers will start growing only those products which will give them the Maximum profit and yield in least time with least effort. This will destroy the market with overflow of some produces(which will be priced high due to MSP independent of demand) and there will be acute shortage of other products which will make them un accessible to the average citizen.
The Indian Army has admitted they would lose an all out war with China without significant outside help.  From that perspective, The Indian workforce dedicated to farming should at least halve, assuming production could be maintained.  India can, though, win in the nearby Himalayas, where their land was stolen by the Chinese.  I'm saying India's number of farmers in the modern age is dangerous to their country.
In second example only very few farmer store their produce....only the big one and they too don't do it regularly as they are not that big to affect the market..... it's only the buyer companies who did this .....
Jab phati.tab yaad aaya. This is the power of farmers. 
Please make a new video in current situation in indian farmers
100,000 Crores means 1 Million Billion Rupees taken from Bank by Politician and Officials on Behalf of Farmers.
I'm a student of agriculture.. I need to mention a point here when u told govt can hire trainer to train farmers for practising unconventional agricultural process.. actually the system is already present.. lab to land.. where extension officer and worker apply those techniques in field level bt prblm is lack of officers and infrastructure.. also govt's callousness is responsible..
Hence, the part which needs rectification is features of this particular market which make it prone to the formation of cartels. We (as humans) have been successful in creating a few fair free markets. In my opinion, the common theme among them is the equality in the power of the participants of this market. As you mentioned, in this particular market, many of the farmers are actually not powerful enough (owning less than 1 hectare of land). There are various startups, companies as well the concept of cooperatives which is actively trying to solve this problem.
But why, why only Punjab farmers are protestering ???
I think the government is taking a capitalistic approach which at the end, we have to take anyways. India has to grow and become self sufficient and for that, every Indian should become self-dependent so that the government does not have to waste the hard earned tax money and rather utilize on the development of the country. Although, I am not a very big fan of BJP's economic adventures, but I can really say that this bill is extremely visionary. It will get better over time. Great job!
*Similarly, two heavy weights of Punjab and Maharashtra were ruined by this bill.*
You have given a good explanation of the problem. But I still do not understand why 26 out of 28 states in India are not protesting against this new law.
Thank you so much for listening to farmers and conveying their message to the world in such a wonderful way
Only 40 farmer unions are against these laws, and India has 600 million farmers with only 30 lakh I.e 3 million protesting
Now it can be very easy for big corporate to get higher profit from consumers pocket... They can sell the  commodities under the limit 50%... So that government will not interfere in prices of these essential commodities nd make the proft.
Big companies will do everything to manipulate the market prices according to their benefits in the end the small farmers and the middle class will suffer
Upsc aspirant kidhr se lgra yeh...esko 3 farm bill bhi clear nai h...
For innovation. ...no farmers will produce less costly vegetables or those vegetables which are seldom bought....in effect some vegetables will be stopped cultivating by the farmers and will be obsolete... Sir your comments are expected.
Hey, great video as always. But can you explain how Kerala, which does not have an APMC Act, get MSP on our products? So will the APMC bypass not affect Kerala?
This is not Farmers' Protest
There should be an app which will show all the value & MSP to the farmer. Just like Some websites or apps shows stocks value, just like that we can make app or website which will show all farming goods values(prices) all over India. Which will make transparency to farmers and consumers.
Ap ek vedio solution p b bnao ! K kisko kya krna cahye govt or farmers ! Kya nhi krna chaye ! Or kis point p y smjho sath m !
India m jitne v protest hote hai chahe wo fake kisan andolan ho ya caa nrc protest ye sare protest hamare desh k dusman desho dwara karwaya jata hai. jayse Pakistan China 
NDTV Unbiased news channel...Other channels will call farmers anti-national... government should talk to them and try to address their problems.
We care about all section of India, regardless religious, cast wise....if farmers don't want any reforms ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems.....but don't blame modi ..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could sit together govt, can ask necessary amendment suggestions instead trying To bow down Modi......
People who don't know the f in farming and left their motherland for fulfilling their selfish motives are protesting in the expensive cars at a foreign location as to how the indian govt should frame policies on its internal affairs. Wow!!
Support the farmers!
As P. Sainath said on NDTV, PROCUREMENT OF CROPS with MSP is more important. And the second thing is that the "black"Farm Laws have to do with EGOS of people, also. The danger of them being implemented in cunning and devious ways, is not past.
But sir,   Artificial price----)to my,  before knowledge traders could store commodity I don't know  essential or nonessential) up to 50 days but now they can store till any time. That is seriously profit for company for to former.
Excellent Video on Farm Bills.. Stupendous Effort.. Well Done 
No farmer's  there is no food
I support With Farmers!
Rajesh tikait is cheating the farmer
FARMERS NOW WIN THIS BATTLE WITH HOOK OR CROOK.
Punjab farmer will become more rich and prosperous if they carefully understand the bill like Western Countries' farmer. Farmers should be little patient instead of assuming as if MODI is some representative of Ambani/Adani. Modi is 70 year old and he doesn't need money from Ambani and Adani. Stop blaming Modi. Modi is transforming India so that farmer's generations in future can continue to be proud farmers of India with richness and wealth. Modi is bringing India at par with Western economies. Farmers are misinformed. Modi is cleaning up mess of Congress and Corruption. Modi doesn't work for any Ambani and Adani.
Best video of the Lalantop till now, salute  Farmers , Thanks Lalantop
3) The farmers will not be transporting their produce; instead the Purchaser (Direct buyer) will collect the produce at farm gate (in milk runs, as is done for dairy/horticulture/fruits)
Reform ke naam pe dhoka tha ye. Next time sahi se bill banaeye with MSP guarantee.
Someone was saying, after the two vehicles was destroyed and burned, to escape they drove in a hurry and the accident happened. Anyone knows the exact truth. I have seen these people killing a man using stick, no humans or farmers can do that. It was shocking. After supporting farmers and if they turned culprits we will look like idiots. Like what happened during farmers protest and many other cases.
Farming employs 600 million people in India which's almost 50% of its population. Yet agriculture contributes to only 15% of the $2.9Tn economy. That's the problem.
Is these bills are good for farmers or not ?
I am totally agree with government stand now it has been cleared our farmers are going to make 
Thanks for supporting us(farmers)
victory of aam aadmi party. Kejriwal govt fully supported farmers and gave them food and water. all credit goes to AAP
There is no denying of the fact that laws have some gaps and even those can be filled with the help of negotiations and mediations, but a mindset of complete repeal of laws shall hinder even the future govt to introduce reforms considering the backlash the present regime is facing
Peacefull protest of farmers my ass, if the government puts baricade then instead of breaking it take another. I guess you didnot watch the video where farmers peacefully threw away Indian flag and placed someother flag in red fort
First officer is not the son of a farmer but  definitely 2 officer is the son of a farmer...... salute to all farmers.
If you really wanna know all about farm bills do watch Dr. Vikas Divyakirti Sir's  vedio on Drishti IAS instead of these so called ''intellectuals'' like him who can only give you a lopsided perspective on topics of national concern.
30. Do you know anti-nationals, who are threatened and are well aware of the strong policies against the enimies of India, that is Pakis ans Chinnis, have  infiltrated this protest funded by them and Soros? These anti-nationals are a threat to the sovereignty of India.
/marginal farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI 
NOW  make a viedo 4 farmers shot dead in chattishgah too
We are fed up with this verbal diarrhea all the time, now that they have been taught a lesson by the farmers,, let this be an eternal and abiding lesson to them not to fool around with the framers who are the feeders of this nation
Man everything is crystal clear now. Now wonder why farmers are protesting. Thank you explaining in detail buddy
This is what unity means; this is what humanity means. Hats off to all the farmers. 
many points in the video made are actually half the facts. bihar farmers are poor because they never got the chance to take part in green revolution. and msp is only given in very few states of india.
Second thing ,  Modi  was never involved with Kisans in any meeting his ministers were talking only.
They were protesting against laws which allow the farmers to sell their produce to private firms as well the unions want farmers to be paid from tax so the middlemen can make money!
Contract farming prevalent in various parts of India for commercial crops like sugarcane, cotton, tea and coffee, etc
Is this the complete farm bill or is there more?
This time farmer agitation won't get that kind of support. Should have continued with the agitation instead of putting the agitation on hold in Nov last year.
There are alot of farmer who are educated and they are continuously protesting but noone listen them bcz of the thinking of people like u who r not supporting thr farmer
Good  luck farmers  from the uk , the birds nest  comparison struck a chord .    namaste
I just loved this Documentry.... So Fantastically Described Every thing....Being a Punjabi, I appreciate ur efforts made in the support of farmers....God Bless Each & Every Team Member of urs
Watched this after repealing of the Farm laws!! Laughing my ass off!!
Pakistan ALWAYS father of India at Cricket!! yes. much great embarrassment for you sir. ahahaha
But the reality is they are not protesting for MSP . They want to scrap the all three laws fully . So farmers dont get freedom to sell anywhere else 
Farm law may come back after election
These all food products industries has no problems for their Raw material ( Procurement of crops ) They never complained ( APMC / Mandi ACT ) to Govt 
In most Modi's party BJP governed states now acting as another level of dictatorship that they decide what to wear, what to eat and what to watch.
Keeping in mind elections in major farm states government has decided to take back farm laws. Is it that only a section of farmers protesting or all farmers over country as he is saying.
I Stand With the Farmers! It's high time that we as citizens stand up against this fascist regime and question this government for filling the pockets of the so called industrialists.
Therefore farmers are protesting because ther is no rule or penalty on MSP neither in future. And quality based purchasing system  that a farmer cant produce crop as the contrator wants therefore contractor purchase it on less price which losses the farmer
I admire your efforts. But there are some factual errors. Central Govt. buys at MSP from the APMC traders. They buy from the farmers at much lower rates and sell to Govt. on MSP price. Ideally the state govt. agencies should buy it from farmers at MSP but they are often absent from APMCs or don't make spot cash payment to the farmers.  But if the quality of the crop is good and it is much in market demand, APMC traders buy at higher rates e.g. MPs Sharbati & Lok1 wheat, CG's Basmati Paddy etc..
Just an propaganda for ruining farmers image. for this they weren't peacefully protesting from months ,if violence was their goal they would have done it on the very first day and what's with your thumbnail?
Farmers were never bound to sell to APMC. The farmers know that APMC & MSP option will disappear soon.
Finally central government is defeated by farmers protest 
Always support Modi
Furthermore,  bad farming practices of these farmers has led to the creation of wastelands and drought (water table) in Punjab.
 a) Till now only farmers, farmer cooperatives and Farmer Producer Organisations didnt have any limit or restriction for stocking, producing or selling their crop. As a result, they take conscious decision of selling their crops only when the market or the buyer is offering good price for the crop. So, under this bill the farmers are not getting any new freedom. On the contrary the government is now removing all the foodstuffs from this category allowing companies and traders to store as much quantity of food as they want which amounts to promoting hoarding.
I thought its just gonna effect the farmers..but now I come to know it will be effecting our daily life. Things will cost us more than before ,  but media is showing its just farmers problem and protest
Main Reasons MSP set ni krii or dusri BAAT Labours Jo mandiyo me Hoti thi vo Bhi to berozgar hojenge
For Eg. Few months back Soyabean prices were half the prices today which is now 9 to 10 k when Farmers sold their all stock with half prices and now shoot up to 10 k what the benefits we r getting
What a great actor, sorry orator modiji is.
Informative video, but why did you not mention the issue of the Minimum Support Price? If commodities are removed from the Essential Commodities list, will companies not be at liberty to push down the buying price of these commodities to the breaking point, to purchase them from farmers at the lowest price possible? The companies may then sell these commodities at increasing prices in the market, but that does not necessarily mean that farmers will earn more.
If govt. favouring these law in the anticipation of of it's benefit.. Then why farmers can't protest in fear of loss. 
wow shoutout to vice for standing up for the farmers of Punjab and India, especially since Indian journalism has been viciously corrupted and oppressed by Indias government
Congratulations to all farmers
FARMER - Back bone to our country.
I don't understand we'll have rich and poor it's okay we can't print money but exploiting until death is harsh to humanity  ---- and as a farmer there are such laws which protect forestry animals who destroy crops they'll put you in jail for several years most of them are good for nothing but to exploit mentally this is shamefull system with or without this laws can't understand why govt. Don't give msp even after 75 yrs of independence btw I'm a farmer proud to be an indian , maybe
Punjab and up elections
They killed the poor farmers
Did all these farmers not voted for the PM who is enjoying when all of them  are now on roads in rain & cold? How are they going to correct their mistake of their past?
Farmers will win. Modi's hatred will loose 
Congratulations to farmers of India great fight for justice.jai jawan jai kissan.
The problems are faced by both farmers and the nation collectively but the implementation of these laws will not have the effect they intend to have. For example the hoarding law removal will prevent mismanagement of stock but it will also cause, well, hoarding and then there is no provision against that. So excluding such crops from essential commodities just to gain that one law is not the answer. A more thorough inspection is needed of these laws but the government's stubbornness doesn't help.
all people protest against EVM all problems come from EVM ban EVM never come again BJP Indian poor people are happy
Months of farmers protest and many lives lost exposed exploitative points of these exploitative bills like unfair taxation or taking away farmers right to go to Court, and now Modi Party acknowledged that and willing to make amendments. In similar fashion, other points raised by farmers will also be proven true in time to come that how these farm bills are nothing but exploitative.
Bjp se wo bhi fair case wo bhi unhi ke minister ke against 
So I would request with farmers protesters to be watchful from Kejriwal. Jai jawan jai kisan. Our heartiest salutations to all farmers of the country.
Congratulations to those So-called farmers & There supporters
so heart breaking behavior with farmers who give us the most impartant thing to live!
They are smart.  It happened in America and not getting better.  We NEED MORE farmers, especially not a few that write the rules!
Respect farmers, they're backbone of our country...
I against modi government and farms bills 
How people have become fool, bills were for the benefit of farmers but they have thrown stone on their own leg.
These are not real farmers, drama bazi Kar rahey hai
The real problem is there are to many farmers in india for it to be sustainable.  The average farmer in india works a insanely small amount of land to be cost efficient.
   APMC                          MSP            APMC    MSP      
Sadly not much can be done people won't let farmers sell their food their selves because it's for upper casts to do and people believe farmers should live in bad conditions because karma says they deserve it so people overlook it.
-you should visit any farmer who producing tomato.
Good documentary but I still dont understand what is in this kisan bill and how is it good or bad for kisan and for general public
I am not a student or an aspirant of any civil services, I am a software engineer but I feel the 'need' to understand these bills without any biased approach as a responsible citizen of India so that I can help others who do not understand this and yet talk about it which ultimately creates confusion and misguides another set of people. For telling me all this in such a simple language I thank you a lot Sir and really appreciate your approach and knowledge. Spending 3 hours was worth it.
No use bro . Bjp came up with bill so congress and others will oppose . If congress and others came up with same bill Bjp will oppose . Incredible india 
After election Modi will again get back the farm bills with some other name n scheme 
This episode is poorly done and without facts.  The intention is to help farmers and cut the middlemen from trading. Please do better research next time. Rihanna, Greta are just using this for publicity, bunch of selfish people.
This video has smartly sidelined the threats and concerns raised by farmers currently due to complete privatization and zero gov. interference & monitoring mechanism.
1) Contract farmers can make contracts with farmers without farmers having any legal protection to appeal. Farmers will have to abide by fine prints in legal contracts, which even educated people like us cant fight with big corporates.
MSP should be legal but I think MRP as well. If not farmers, they can exploit consumers
Thank you independent journalist for showing true journalusm as a person sitting in a small town in north east its really admirable to see this farmers protest in its true form not clipped out videos 
Supreme Court Should take cognizance of the farmer protest and stop police using force.
1. The farm laws don't negate the minimum support prices. They are will stay as they are. 
These soilders are themselves son of farmers but how shamelessly they are behaving with them just for penny of government salary
.. pathetic... APMC act has been abolished in bihar since 2005. By your count farmers in Bihar should be millionaires by now..
I with farmers bill
Please, All must support Farmers in this issue  irrespective of their POLITICAL PARTY  SAVE FARMERS.
I agree with you Sir , the government must fix MSP for our beloved and great farmer.
Very sweetly spoken. BUT sweetly covered up the truth also. The fear voiced has been debated in the many meetings with the farmers. Hence his questions and doubts about the farmer being cheated in an Open Market System is nothing but hallucinations. Why has Kerala, a leftists govt, and may others have done away with APMC!! THE SPEAKER HAS CONVENIENTLY AVOIDED THE 'OTHER SIDE OF THE COIN'.
As well as farmers right
We hope to see Farmer's happiness after prolonged protests. We wish them to enjoy no hidden conspiracy.
Modi air Modi Bhagat aur Godi Media toh abhee bhee kehtay hein kay jo Delhi borders per betthhay hein vo KISAN NAHIN hai .... ghor andhair issee ko kehtay hein!!!
Government unable to stock more on same goods year on year and in rain you might have seen government stock is wasted. Farmers just grow same crop on msp guarantee and government have to buy and stock or pile them. Consumption is less and stock is more. Wasted. Hungry stays hungry and government cannot feed all free. Cannot sold outside country for loss. So they got new bill so wastage will be avoided. Directly sold in market will help government and farmers also think not to grow same crop so rates will be slashed if quantity is more. Government did good work but farmers have to think smart and grow new goods which are not available and if there is loss in this government should guarantee no loss...
I hope people who still abuse farmers by saying them as khalistani or congressi to must have a look in this video.... This is the pure summary of the protest and i was thinking...where are the khalistani..... Or i missed that scene
Amendment Proposal Rejected! MSP promise Rejected! Assurance Rejected! Supreme Court Committee Rejected! Offer to Stay Rejected! 
Farmers k sth asa? Hum soch vi kese sktea hean.. Or toh rights hean peacefully protest krna fir? Ajkl prty kuch vi kar rahe hean.
Kisan Kisan India mother India women India Ambedkar India all all people help help help
# I support farm laws
Right questions by farmers
And now farmers will enjoy lavishing life & economy of farmers will rise 10 times which were never happened before. Khusia manao. . Congress bale hi farmers ke bare me sochte the. Unke jamane ka hi farmers ka condition thik tha.
These r not farmers...
He will bring back farm laws,  but only after Punjab election where a coalition govt is formed , then bjp will bring back farm laws with certain changes , this will increase their threshold in punjab because this time they will have some power in punjab. Bjp are not fools they know exactly what they are doing
Formers demand MSP ( Minimum Support Price)..Govt also promised that the bill is there, and will continue
3) The  traders who buy from farmers wouldn't be punished anymore for holding stocks that are deemed excess.
New modi drama need votes because this time no Ram mandir
Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates what kind of crops they should grow. Corporates again happy.
Yes, right.  tikait   black miller. He is  take up from     I. Congress  se  funding with an others many   gang se.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry. This video was made in September and even now in February our Union Minister for agriculture and Hon'ble Prime Minister still stand in the Rajya Sabha and says, "I do not get why these farmers are protesting?"
Do we really deserve Democracy and a leader like Modiji....Shame on us ... Can't We ever rise above politics.. Bloody Idiots... Unless Congress and The likes Are completely destroyed...we can't expect any reforms in our country Jai Hind..
Please Support farmers 
At present one of the major problems is non availability of sufficient storage facilities and  state governments and mandi  owners are doing nothing in this regard in spite of earning a very good amount of money. As a result, thousands of tons of grains purchased on MSP rot in the open and  unfit for human consumption. The striking farmers should ,therefore, take written assurance from the state governments backing them that they will build proper storage facilities instead of using the money earned by them for other popular vote catching purposes.
I used to support Modi Government. However in last few month the Modi government has not done a marvel of a job. I am sure people will hold them accountable for their failure in seeing the future. What seems to be a trend of Modi government is taking a decision to resolve issues on a short term basis. They lack long term view and the issue that may come up.
image of Congress hit very low in punjab as Capt decided to fought back.
majority media, executive, corporates, propagation all against farmer, still they fought for 2 years and they won
Thought I would get to know something more with regards to this farmers protest but this turned out to be most idiotic research, Govt. is actually trying to expand scope for farmers to allow them to sell their produce and many unknowingly emerged in group to protest. Why? All they have to say go read the law - idiots
Everything is politics..even Few  farmers looking there career in politics..  No farmer didn't know about what new farmer laws.. They just against coz opposition political parties telling them...
Rip to all brave 700 farmers
Millions of salutes and respects to farmers all over the world, love from Islamabad, Pakistan.
Salute to you our real patriots i mean our beloved farmers if our greedy politicians truly follow you they transform themselves into real patriots and our beloved nation transform into sone ki chidia i again salute you my dear brother and sisters may god bless you and your family
these aren't farmers, these are khalistanis
ps. I support farmers and their protest but not this khalistani BS.
Thanks BBC news you are the one best.  Your eyes always open through the entire world . Indian medias forget about the values and dignity of their job. 
Bhai log ye kch so called farmers hi h... Tum inhe khalistani keh skte ho ... The protesters are not too many..... Logo ko apne apne kaam hote h, in khalistanio ki tarah free nai h .....vaise b inke protest se kch jada fark nai padne wala .....  Lage rho khalistanio...  Keep it up ...
#repealblackfarmlaws
This is massacre on kissan of country stand up if ur  can't fight physical stand by words ,jiaaa kisan jia jawan arrst all those insane people who r supporting this kind of massacre
Not sure people r so against Farmers bill or just it's political protests
Relaince, More or Spencers or Big basket have their farm lands and supply vegetables and fruits at low in their marts fresh and quality. Hence these agriculture bills not for benefit to Indian marts. I think its international supply chain management. Mostly to Indonesia or EastAfrica or Iran or Iraq. Modi's interest always exterior regions where people under run of NGOs. Whether doing for good for them but blaming Indians are all rich farmers.
Is be devoted to Modi and see India become a Dictatorship Soon very soon....
This is just one side of the story, we can't feed this greedy  farmers for ever, these Punjab farmers have been getting free electricity, free water and secured price whilst producing goods which are not required. It's high time these farmers understand that they need to look at alternative crops.
When corporate is more important then the farmer .
Stop such Sponsored aforesaid Farmers Andolan. If Farmers Law is bad then why not all over Indian farmers support it? ? Why such things happen near time of UP election? Indians know everything now.
That means it is clear that knowingly Tikait invited the Nihang Sikh to use them as weapon against Govt. So that they can wash their hands from any violence putting the blame on other head. Very smart Tikait. ONLY politicians an do this cunning plan, not farmers
It could help a lot to farmers if technology is brought into. To prevent crop fails, or put uniformity and standards, solve irrigation, legalise, insure crop, improve efficiency, productivity, machines, iot,5g and many things. To catch up with the world we need to use technology,  transform to a next level and not just punjab enjoy benefits but other states too. India can come up with technology, 5g,iot can help to fuel up with corporates coming into this and not keeping confidential within biradari
Plz don't repel the laws modiji
Please do more news about this farmers protests .the world want to know about indian politics.
1) How Mandis control the life of farmers because of monopoly they have over farmers.
Farmers can sell in APMC Mandis or outside- it is their choice.
Sir seeing you.. we can 100% say that tomorrow India is in the safe hands. Jai Hind Jai Bharat Jai Kisan.
i kno wire would have got more ppl supported the bill but as usual wire show only those ppl who are against the gov
These are not farmers..Gundassss
INDIAS VICTORY. MODI'S VICTORY.. AGITATORS ARE IN SHOCK AND SURPRISED AND CONFISED.. HOPE BBC WILL DO THE FOLLOW UP OF THIS NEWS TO SHOW THE REACTION OF THE ACTUAL FARMERS IN THE COMING DAYS.
The sad thing here is that the farmers themselves do not know why they are protesting ....You talk about loopholes and having an open discussion on them...BUT for that to happen one has to accept these new bills as a positive step forward , unfortunately those protesting do not want to do that . Also in my area almost 70% of the crowd of people protesting consists of Mandi traders( pretending to be farmers ) and big farmers who are like modern day versions of zamindars .
i stand with farmers
There are few things that you could have explained as well like what impact these bills will have in future, an example of similar thing happened in past, why this approach failed in western countries, and how Bihar is doing now since they have implemented these laws in past. I am not a farmer and not biased either but see the long term impact of these bills on them clearly.
Nice vdo .you covered all the problems.But you must also know that the opposition parties who are aiding farmers were actually asking for the same reforms for decades.BUT I stand with the farmers and their righteous cause
Only for votes Kejriwal ji don't try to make fool innocent people. EEvery Indian know very well you.
What an episode, wow !!. Stories made us speechless & tearful. Salute to Akash, the newspaper boy, Raj Singhji (adv 100th happy birthday), the girl Pavitar Kaur and many others. It is big victory for the farmers & general public if they take any lesson from farmers. On the other hand it is a slap/kick on arrogant politicians and godi anchors you failed with all your might & truth won - Satyamev Jayate.
Punjab and up elections are the reason. 
Which amounts to Crores of Rs being collected by APMCs..... All these going into pockets of ministers and Officials with zero development........Eg: if each Processing units turn over is Approx 50 Cr in an year.... 50 Lakhs goes to APMC.... Like that there will be more than 1000 Processing units for a particular food commodity.... it's an open secret, No need for any proof also.......now This Commission need not be paid according to this bill...... That is why MLAs and MPs of Punjab and Haryana are fighting,that they will loose their share of money .......Its been more than 20-30  yrs that Yeswantapur APMC yard has been constructed..... Even now that yard stinks and water enters the stores when it rains heavily, other APMCs yards across India will be even worser.... When it comes to MSP pricing, Govn hasn't scrapped that since APMCs are still functional according to this bill, So, farmers can still get their MSP when trade fluctuation happen........If so is the situation, Framers of Maharashtra, AP, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, MP, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, are not fighting when law was implemented .......it is in recent days that many states are getting involved......... People should Have also fought  Against NMC bill( For destroying health sector by Reducing quality of Doctors by Mixing process- Only doctor community came for support, rest people are not bothered only ) , Demonetization, High Price spiking ( Petrol / Diesel )..... This is just my opinion, not to hurt anyone's feelings....
Look at 12:32 - The highest money receivers were from the states, where there is Modi Govt or they are expected to win the nearest election. Its not based on rich or poor. Do you see Bengal anywhere in top 5 ?
Instead farmers are getting an opportunity to sell your product in various other markets as well as to corporates. Even farmers can store their products ,  without the fear of any case.
The current farmer's bill would bring.back the money lender's back in.thr mkt
Dude, Hold your horses this ain't America. Wish you had at least read the laws, people like you just want the clout and don't want to solve the problem, you'll only show what a certain section of the society wants to see, you want to spread hatred not try to understand the issue. For God sake Please read the laws, those laws were passed in both houses by following the Democratic procedure and seriously man stop calling Modi a dictator, I stand completely against his style of politics but I have to give it to him that he is risking his political future for the sake of small scale farmers. For decades farmers were subjected to the old ways of farming and selling of crop, these laws are a symbol of change.
 By the time Modi turned 13 years, India had built Bhakra Dam ,Himachal Pradesh.
India should check the food prices so that farmers would get profit too .
MSP   APMC  
I think one solution can be, to make these laws suggestion to states. They can adapt it if they like it. So, if farmers from Punjab, Haryana and west UP do not like it. They can choose to not apply it in their respective states. I think it could've been a possible solution.
Victory for farmers
His all points are valid and true this government is answerable to us but they are rather running from this situation and  hitting on farmers this is not right we live in a democratic country not a dictatorship.
I like to know previous farmers bill and also new. If you explain both and comparison details then really will be helpful.  This video is informative.
I will not call it a good decision but surely he's planning something big to expose Rakesh takait, congress and other regional parties who supported these rogues. Now poor farmers will remain as poor farmers, they will understand the difference between regional parties and BJP now
The only video that cleared my all doubts regarding farmer's bill  tysm sir
I wish the world would take note of the farmers who are getting slaughtered every week.
Some city dwellers know as much about farmers issues as a pub g player knows about armed forces. Very unfortunate. #SupportFarmers
Farmers will be taken for granted until there is no food. But the average struggling low wage workers in the city dont deserve that. Tough spot for many countries is in the future. Its gotta change now before its too late and the farmers say no more. Then we all suffer.
But again actual farmers are not protesting. All middleman babus whose income may go are protesting.
This is not right..if this is beneficial for farmers then why repeal?
3. VOX didn't bring out the harrasment faced by poor farmers when they arrive to the mandis. The agents get a huge share of what the farmers deserve. 
Modi government is tourturing our farmers and also playing cards against humanity and farmer's unity .. 
Start a campian in India to support Chinese product till farmer bill revocked.like Support china agnaint farmer bill.
11:47 this man is referring to an American farmer who sold his  for sth 3.24 per bushel which is less than the one his(American farmers)father sold in 1972........how come he is talking about the price 48 years ago,his memory must be sharp though..!!
Power mai BJP hai abhi bo khuch bhi kare police bhi unki I don't trust up police bcz in all india beggest curr......t.
 9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
This is all South Indian money wasted on North Indian farmers In the name of fair price. I. South India farmers sell to corporate companies their produce and make money.
It would be interesting to see real farmers protesting to get these farm laws back
Farmer protest but flag of Sikhism in India punjab is not only state with agriculture 
Our farmers are Life line of future.....and our govt is stupid wid illiterate being in power...and our PPL are confused...great
What about the same laws imposed on bihar and other states ? They are very poor and some pimps are selling their crops in punjab haryana at msp after buying from those farmers at cheaper rates.
I salute the farmers they are the biggest inspiration to our country. Hi Akash, can you make a video on the reaction of Godi Media and Hard Core Hindutuva Groups who started using bad language and now focusing their hate on their much loved icon, messiah Modiji. Its baffling to see such hate comments and reaction of such hard core modi lovers. Modiji will do everything to protect his seat this is common sense even a child would tell but such groups and media are reacting unnecessary since as long Modiji is in power they will be in power which they fail to understand and unnecessary showing their hatred against Modiji. He did it only for votes that is more important than any particular group or foot licking sold out Godi Media. Will this affect his hard core modi lovers and will they continue to go against this govt just to protect their ideology and stupidity.  Please do this video if possible. Love your videos Akash
Indian government might not be supporting the farmers but all true Indians are supporting our Indian farmer brothers. Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan Jai Hind.
In India do farmers reside only in Punjab and Haryana. Rest of the Indian farmers want these laws. Rakesh Tixkait represents the middlemen farmers. Rakesh Ticket has proved that he is anti farmers. He doesn't want any reforms in the life of farmers so that he gets his share as cut and poor farmers reach the hell
Salute all indian farmers..Shame of police &Politicians.. Police not for people..they are for politicians
3. No regulations regarding free and fair competition between APMC and Private Mandi.
Nothing wrong with the new laws in my opinion... only people of Punjab have an issue with it, but the rest of the states in India are supporting it
punjab's so called poor farmers are either mislead or they are afraid that they wont be able to exploit farmers by manipulating prices and sell those crops at higher prices in the trucks they are living in.
Farmers have won bless them 700 have died and now on our Guru Nanakji gurprab modi as done a u turn asking the farmers to go back home but farmers will stay until they get in black and white 
Great leader is p.m. modi ji
I cam on this video to not to give my opinion but to learn farm bills
We always support farmers  
Farmers can still sell their produce to anyone..!
Maharashtra has a standard formst of contract farming since ages for grapes since sharad oawar was chuef minister from congress- why? If contract farming is bad then why SP introduced this?
The non bjp party supporters who had come to protest the visit of dycm keshav prasad maurya were leaving back for homes as dycm changed route. On seeing the  convoy of bjp partymen going to meet dycm, they attacked bjp partymen and  their drivers with stones and sticks which had led to the vehicles going astray and causing  accidental mowing of some protestors who were there. Considering that  the farm laws have been kept in abeyance and is challenged in supreme Court, such  violent protests should have been avoided. People of india already witnessed the horrifying farmer lobby driving tractors fast and furious to kill policemen during Republic day besides bringing down indian flag
You mentioned PepsiCo purchasing patatoes from Punjab farmers but you didnt mention the exploitation of PepsiCo.
Remember :No farmers No food 
This Modi's BJP government killed 43 poor farmers. We keralite, communist do not forgive you Modi at any cost, we don't allow your roots to spread in Kerala. You are the worst ruthless man who ever ruled India. We are with you farmers, we know that you are the back bone of India, we love you so much.....In qulab zindabad...
Punjab collects 3500 crores of taxes from traders in these APMC mandis.
oh, I think the mandi will also loose the competitive edge because now the pvt companies can also go for a cheaper price from the small farmers too. This means the poor farmers could get a better value for the produce than when the mandi's monopolic rates. So now its more like a competition between the mandi and the poor farmers, and this can not only increase the productivity in the farming industry but also get better produce and overall market growth.
Jo kahte hai farm bill galat tha unhe economy ki samajh nahi hai
Who's here after modi repeal the laws?
Who is yogesh yadav aka salim a unemployed men in there 50s but look like 75 because he doesn't do yoga lol few days back he was constitutional specialist before that he was politician before that he was news exposer before that he was corona specialist and before that he was economy specialist and now farmer , he is just unemployed who spread hate by going everywhere without invitation
You BRITS should be more worried about the new strain of virus which is in your country rather then be worried about our farmers. You guys have a BLOB of a minster and we have a minster who's just growing his beard rather then resolving the problem. We stand with the farmers of our country. You guys should be more focused on Trump and his wife and his mistress.
why do you want govt regulation. india has become market economy since 1991. that's the way india is growing rapidly. farmers are poorest because they are not getting best price. to address these issues govt introduced these bills. politicians are using innocent farmers for their political agenda.
I feel only judicary should be taken into consideration in case of conflict and rest of the law is totally in favour of welfare of farmers and if anyone has any doubt .comment please
Lets say ki agar koi corporate player contract farming 2000 acre maen kr rha hae , jisko na toh apne ghar ka kharcha nikalna hae naa hi zameen khareedne ka paesa lgana hae , sirf per acre benifit nikalna hae , itne badde level pe suppose agar farming cost 900 rupee ayi per acre or corporate player ne apni 2000 acre ki fasal bechni hae or usne doosre corporate company ko 1000 per acre maen bech di toh 18 lakh ki investment krke usko 20 lakh mill gye lekin uss fasal ka market value set ho gya 1000 jabki uska MSP hoga 1300 ya 1500 lekin kyuki abb mandi nhi hae , MSP nhi hae toh jo 200 chotte kisan haen unko wohi fasal obviously km market value maen bechni pdegi  yani k jha ek chotte kisaan ko 3000 milne the jisse usne apne ghar ko chalana tha, bachho ko padana tha , beti ki shadi krni thi wahi usko millege 2000 or yeh jo impact hae chotte kisan pe yeh bohat hi jyada brutal hoga
"Many states like Punjab and Haryana could lose a big source of state revenue" That's correct. Other states in which this kind of revenue is not an issue, farmers are not protesting. I think mandis in Punjab and Haryana are farmer friendly and at the same time generating revenue to the state. There are other states in which farmers are exploited in mandis and mandis are not a good source of revenue to those states. Punjab and Haryana farmers have every right to protest against the bill at the same time they should not think that all the farmers throughout the country are happy with their mandis. These bills should not be mandatory for all farmers in the country. Should be made optional.
The protest (leaving the political angle) is sponsored by the benefitted class in the present system putting poor farmers in front. And they want to keep the farmers remain in the lower strata as their survival is on the exploitation of this class.  
Aj Modi ji pm Nahi Hote 130Corad Desvahi Ki 30 Corad Account Nahi Hota 
Modi should resign for not repealing the 3 black laws in time. What a shameful coincidence or is it Political Engineering as the Black Laws are repealed as the Sikhs celebrate the birth of Guru Nanak Devji the founder of Sikhism. Sweet Venom.
Sir agar quality khrab hui ya crop failure hua us case me farmers ko kya protection h under contract farming
Sadly still some pro modi bhakts are going to support that egoistic, selfish, control freek and of all greedy man.....sad that nothing has happened in those farmer's favor....I know exactly where this country is leading and thanks to these blind people who chose not to see the wrong in the govt. But being an opportunist and supporting it
If their will be no MSP then Farmers will be looted by Traders and They will succumbed to the exploitation.
Aur Modi ji to phir bhi Kisano ke baare me sochte hai..he is paying 6000 per year to our formers.
       Singh is king (No farmers no Food)
MSP should be mentioned legally in the bill and price should be regulated, else one day buying food grains and vegetables would become like today's expensive mobile recharges. Once, Jio used to offer 6 months of internet service free of cost, and now we are paying prices for all those. Price has increased manifold and at the same time, service has degraded...
10) Monthly automated Motivation Call For Every Farmers since they have high suicide rate.
3 - Allow farmers to sell their produce anywhere, and removes the "mandi" system. which on the face may look good, but it doesnt leave the "government" option, and leaves farmers to compete with big businesses who can afford the transportation and sales. Destroys local small farmers.
Bcoz once it's implemented 80% will start getting benefit and their life would have better at the cost of these 20% big farmers.
Looks like ammendment to essential commodities bill pinches farmers and general public alike. with handful of challenges already faced by farmers how will it be without price assurance...
Really they are amazingly patient. Government should release rate for minimum price on farm produce yearly based on inflation and factor cost ensuring minimum pay. The government should also publish regionwise recommended croplist every year. Additionally, all private players should submit their yearly reserves that should be published in government site and apps.
Mr. Sengupta, you have explained in a excellent excellent way. I really appreciate you. And also you have explained in a neutral way. Neither in favour of farmers nor in favour of private sector.
.Tell me about the case of Gujarat when the companies broke the agreement when the price of the farmer's produce went up
Many people are also politically motivated as they see this as their chance to gain some points against the current gov. Those who are participating in making a mess and destroying barriers are not part of the protests. Even the farmers have said so. 
I listen your daily lecture, really you are such a nice teacher, and the farmers situation is not good in India  and every farmers are facing lots of problem, including me
And I request the people of india to not make this a religious issue as not only farmers but the citizens are also doing that
You only showed the peaceful steps taken by farmers...you intentionally didn't show about the farmers activity on 26 January on red fort... What they did on red fort...you only want that everyone should OPPOSE MODI JI because you don't like him...This is wrong u cannot influence people by telling only one side of MODI GOVERNMENT.
Government should fix both purchase & sell price, so that the farmer would get best price & consumer will get products with    reseanable price. The commission must fixed for traders. This system should be updated through online like share market or as we see in petrol pump . Online price view like farmers cost price - 30
2. MSP did not make farmers rich but Punjab and Haryana farmers were well off before 1964 that's why they could help in green revolution by investing their own money in the machinery and now that they have helped India become food surplus state, their prize from government this this law which may make them bankrupt.  Well Done India
Proud to be a jat farmer son
I love your comedy and have gone through multiple videos in last 2 weeks BUT you are ill informed on these farm laws. I didnt expect this from you.  These farm laws will free farmers from the control of middle men. Would you like a law which restricts you to showcase your comedy on only one channel ? I guess you wont. Also , these protests are not happening across India. There are more than 30 states in India and these protests are happening in only one state
Hum odisha ki kisan we need this law to increase  our incomee  please dont opposee
Why big and small farmers are not making kisan cooperatives all over to produce, process, store, transport 75% village products direct delivery to towns, city houses with instant payment, thus farmers can direct control of rural economy, 20% products can be sold to open market for day to day traders
Modi knew even if the farmers protest goes on will not impact elections and were confident enough to win. But when BJP realized Muslims and Sikhs are uniting against them this unity would surely end BJP rule. i'll never believe a single word what modi says. If he is repelling 3 laws, he is planning to hit back with something new.
They are least bothered for Kisan, rather trying by hook or by crook to let down our PM Modijee just for their vested interest.
This is only half the victory won. Punjab,UP and 2024 elections are the real victories that matter. Should teach a great lesson to the cronies and thier dalals.
My mind started hurting when gov agreed upon all of their requirements, some of which were nonsensical, but farmers said that they don't want nee farmers laws at all.
never happen in USA  SAME AS NEVER HAPPEN in India worts RAJA ever  Democratic shame in india same work do BJP IN INDIA  GOD BLESS FARMERS
Cut the propaganda you fake comedian,read the farm laws to the viewers and let them judge.All you say is what you have been told about it
sir i am 13 year old boy and day after tommorow there is my debate on kisan andolan and i am in against so i want valid point on kisan andolan in against
Anyone who has work cant really stay at a protest this long. If you are not satisfied with the political leadership you have the democratic right to change the ruling party. Why most proesters are from only punjab and haryana. Please research how the green revolution is destroying the indian economy and Delhi's air. Read how free water and power lead to huge surplus paddy and wheat which central govt forcefully buys and the crops rot. How much of fresh water of India is depleted. BBC says at the mercy of free markets. What a joke. Isnt agriculture a free market in the UK?
These acts help in cutting out middlemen and corporates so that farmers can create a marketplace for the buyers directly. One of the main causes of the protest is the uncertainty surrounding how the reforms will play out in reality and how much will the govt do for MSP.
Leave the farmers on their own. 
This Present Modi Govt. Of India is the shittiest thing happen to India since Independence.
Only punjab haryana farmers opposing farm bills to make riots in Delhi, George soros paid well to these riots and dhruv ratee
Bjp kisi ko v banayega anti national,  example hai na apna pm chai wala prime minister Banega, sabko Thoda thoda  corruption Karne ka Haq Hona chahiye, corruption karne mn koi discrimination nehin hoga india MN, (bjp philosophy)EQUALITY.
Very well said sir... farmers har country ki Main Assets he.. full support and Respect from .. May Allah help those Farmers.. God bless everyone
And still,  Modi thinks india is so democratic, But no. 
h)  Each farmer will have it's agrivalue based on quantity of land utilised and can be availed any time with help of banking system integrated with apex body and it's farming community. 
I'm from India and this BJP government is not good for indian democracy
Solid video to understand the current protest by farmers. Great job newslaundry
Shekhar Gupta summed up the agriculture situation in India nicely:  A farmer sells a kilo of potatoes for Rs.4/Kg and it goes through various middlemen and by the time it reaches the consumer it is often Rs.30-40/kg. Neither the farmer nor the consumer is benefiting in this model. In developed countries, if farmer sells for Rs.4/kg, the consumer pays only Rs.6-7/kg.  Free markets are efficient and are often win-win for producer/consumer.
Now big question is why farmer's are becoming poorer it's because their input cost is high compare to output (intensity ratio is high). Ideally that needs to be corrected by establishing channel to provide low cost farming. 
is it possible on voluntary basis so that farmer never depend on market to sell their produce
Is the dependency of state government on central government will be more after implementations of this bill  ?? ( In the sense of APMC Tax to the State government)
i am willing to know what is impacting farmers to accept new farm law... and how will it impact farmers countriwise...
Only the rich farmers are protesting...because these new laws will benefit the poor farmers...that is their pain...
Farmers need to realise that they do not need society to the same extent that society needs them. They can be self-sufficient, grow nourishing organic produce to feed themselves and their families, and exchange amongst themselves. Their lives will be far more enriched! The capitalist system has indoctrinated the poorest to believe that they need to trade with the market to survive. This is not the way of our ancestors or the true spirit of India. Subsistence/self-resilient sustainable agriculture is the future! Victory to farmers!!
It is not reforms for farmers. It is death worent for farmers because there is no msp for crops .
I bet 98 % protestors doesn't know what is new farm bill. Mostly are khalistani shikhs and political party goons.
thought process. His explanation did give the depth to that process. I think the Government should have no problem in fixing the MSP. What is it that is preventing the assurance  has to be thought of. Is there an unseen hand ?. Well the Government must come clean and fix the MSP, determined by a scrupulous group of experts from time to time. Live and let live policy can solve this problem. The Government should be NEITHER : pro Farmer - nor pro Corporate - nor pro Consumer. Can this Government pass the litmus test. Time will tell.
Farmer : tell me only 2
Bihar has implemented these laws 15years back and you can see where they ended now. They work in Punjab and Haryana.
Please cover more of Farmer protest
As a producer farmer is free to sell his product anywhere at any price suitable to him. 
Huhuhh... My parents literally only watch Pro-BJP News, so I had a pretty Pro-BJP mind... Tho I always wondered, y there are such huge protests wen the media claims that there is nothing to worry about..
Why the farmer protests is confined to two states not in other parts of India .. only 1 percent are up in arms , that too the richest farmers in India is the story of the day ... Motives are different they are not fighting for any justice to farmers ... If MSP is the issue it was never decided by the govt or by any law for the past 70 years but by APMC .. they want to receive the khalistan issue massive amounts of funds has been transferred from countries like Canada ,US , UK etc ... Why the NIA raides popular front offices is a question to be asked and the timing to be checked ... Because this money has to enter India ...
India has 50% of its land under agriculture, literally the highest both in terms of % as well as overall size of arable land wrt to any country including China and US. India uses old methodologies and has huge gaps in infrastructure for cold chains storage
Best way to get popular, say anything about Modi or BJP
The farmers are protesting against system not against india
the demeanor of the traders tells you everything... straight robbery of the farmers
Disappointed Modi Ji. Two steps forward Five steps backward. All your eloquence is lost now. Playing politics like everyone else. 
No other countyr govt buys food items from farmers at MSP prices and sells them at subsidy to poor at Rs. 1 or 2 or free. How much can the govt buy at MSP prices as already the godowns are full with requiremnet for next 3 yrs.
Farmers are essential for food production. India has over a billion citizens. Hire engineers to develop technology to decrease consumption of water for food production
farm products are perishable and cannot and will not be held back by farmer who will always be more concerned about selling off his yield
I appreciate this explanation. I live in Canada and I have so many memories of going to the Mandi. I am so saddened by what is going on in Punjab. Cry.
Abhi niyu why are you  always support bjp government
Justice for farmer
the farmers will be rich as they were before.
Farmers we know what is the limit of you and what is in favour of country we will never accept your choice not to vote BJP but we will vote BJP ok
CORRECTION:PLZ ATTENTION. Nobody applies taxes on anyone in transactions happening via APMC. Sellers I.e. farmers get full payment without deduction of either tax or commission. Farmers only have to settle thier dues if only they have borrowed any amount for thier personal expenses.APMC traders get their income in form of commission paid to then by buyers like FCI. And instead these traders pay taxes to APMC for development of APMC infrastructure and part of it is shared with state govt of haryana and Punjab for building roads linking rural areas to mainstream. I differ with your knowledge.
May our farmers be blessed...
We need to cut corporate intrest in farms here in the uk aswell and get familys back in small farms which helps the local public, instead of massive corporations like asda, sainsbury's, morrisons and tesco, farmers deserve to be able to sell straight to the customers without being undercut by corporations and rinsed by laws and red tape, bring back the local milk men and local butchers buying straight off the farms asda pay Penny's for milk meat and produce
4. Encourage and facilitate farmers to purchase crop insurance
They are not farmers......they are congress and Am Aadmi party workers
India has farmers all over India not only in Punjab. Vice should stop making propaganda videos
A fair market value price for farmed goods should be a standard.
Very well explained. Soft but clear words. Balanced view. Hope Our farmer brothers from Punjab and Hariyana can understand.
And I strongly belive that if india is a agricultural country due to major contribution of jats and jatts ..in field of agriculture..... love you punjabis from m.p keep motivated and stay bless always...
#RepealCAA Northeast india  .
Salute the farmers for their resolve to continue with the protest march
They are not farmers at all. They are goons
Independent, sovereign nation  "khalastaan" is the only solution to end all miseries of indian occupied punjab...
Cannot understand that why DNA has in almost each and episode have tried its best to promote BJP. There is probably no episode aired where directly or indirectly Zee media tried its best to promote interest of single party. Let media be too an extent be neutral and cannot be extremely bias to single party.
We blame corporate very badly. And we normal people cheating a roadside vendor/ farmer/ fisherman in a brutal manner.
Now ask those so called media houses who were defaming farmers as khalistani and mawali.. and some youtubers also
Toh tum log shareaam godse ko support karo toh sb thek...but agar koi t-shirt b pehan ley toh khalistani ho gaye...shame on people who hits like...they are still in darkness
Congress/All other parties 1 - 0 BJP 
If anyone says otherwise can you please give me the reason why new FARM BILLS are bad for us farmers ?? 
Modi is actually clever. He take topics which are sensitive or important. But the things proposed in the new bill or amendment are disaster.
Great, Now can you please also do a video on how rich countries like the US and Canada exploit loopholes at the WTO and don't allow not so rich countries/developing economies to support their farmers directly through Central Government funding
CPI(m) supported the farmers. Don't tell lei. Be honest
Who ever is organizing this historical protest, please reach out to the farmer leaders through out the country, explain them about the the stupid Farm Laws and ask for their support.
Bol raha rich farmers the Punjab k. Isko bolo sirf yeh explain krde azadi kaise thi farmers ko...as son of farmer, yeh bills and protest k chalte ek baat to Indian politics ki samaj aa gyi, wo yeh hai k ground level ki sachai totally different ae jo aise log or politicians and media bolta hai...
While mentioning one's opposition to these new laws, you failed to show the success stories of these new laws and did not provide the alternative point of view from the farmers who supported these new laws. 
But 2nd law farmers will be exploited only when they have not done legal agreement
Stay strong, farmers 
Farmers should think if people will not go to work, who will pay taxes to fund MSP
Bjp might have been in loss but the opposition is in greater loss. Abh election k liye ek bada mudda out of syllabus hogya. LOL
SEE ANY BILL HAVE  PLUS AND MINUS  BUT IN THIS THREE BILLS  THE GOVERNMENT MUST CORRECT ONLY  THE  FIRST BILL WHERE THE CHANCE OF CORPORATE COMPANIES  MAY CONTROL THE FARMERS  FROM  WHO THEY  BUY FOR THAT CORPORATE  RIGHTS MUST BE DEFINED WHEN THEY BUY AND .UST NOT HURT ANY FARMERS  IN PRICE  FIXING  BEFORE THE MARKET  PRICE IS KNOWN
I didnt like your explanation because he only talked about the existing system you were supposed to tell us about the new farm loans and you did not even mention one negative point about that you did not mention that how MSP is not granted in the new rule and how this can be exploited youre just going round and round about the same old existing system to prove how it is bad
Any government who makes farmers cry..
well, seems the bjp is out finally! mess with rural india votes and your out ot power
They do not represent Indian farmer entirely. This is Punjab farmer alone. And its a joke when American Sikhs, probably whose grand parents left India decades back rally for Indian farmer... They hardly know how India works
Government should Re-think on new bills and instead should focus on existing system to help farmer to produce more goods and train.
And there are indeed few elements who are trying to use these protests for their own nefarious agendas. Search the video of Yograj Singh who came here to support farmers. 
An ultimate and clear explanation with best fit example help us to understand easily this farmers bill and as always your video/case study are so worthy that we always like to invest our time from basy schedule for it, even the video duration is 30 min...
If Indian gov takes covid 19 seriously than should hold talks immediately
Wrong  map of India shown which is Pakistani version of Indian map.
2- if it is to protect Farmer why no MSP?
People are siding with Police why not farmers the ones who feed us? I know they broke the barricades we want our rights. We get angry because we aren't treated equally? Every religion says to treat people equally, this farmer protests is not just Sikhs, it's muslims, Christians, Hindus and Sikhs. I say KISAAN MAJDOOR EKTA JINDABAD. jai jivan jai KISAAN
Old Kisan Bills = According to the Government of Punjabs data, 3,300 farmers in Punjab have committed suicide in the years 20002019, with 97% of them being reported only from the Malwa region. Of these 3,300 deaths, 1,500 farmers took their lives since 2016, according to data from the Bhartiya Kisan Union (Ugrahan). That is almost 50% of the 19-year total, stretched across just four years; a very clear indicator of crisis. See this report : https://borgenproject.org/farmer-suicide-in-india/
#FarmLawsRepealed
Thank for such a precious information with clear explanation....v need to support farmers.
MSP and MRP both lower and upper limit and make the information public. Also if there are price levels based on quality, these too should be published on MSP and MRP
Only sikhs are the farmers and rest farmers are wronlgy saying that these bills are good for them .
Government surprised that how they got tractor because government fixed crops price which just for their livelihoods...Answer is that 5 million punjabis living  abroad and they support their families.. which family haven't any member outside  of India  they committing suicide because agriculture in not profitable work ... they doing because they feel proud  that they doing something good for  country
Just because farming has a smaller percentage of total gpd doesn't mean it's drecreased by that much! Other sectors have simply grown - this is the same picture in all developed countries! Deregulation is good! The farmers are here destroying the economy and good reputation of India.
Increasing of prices will affect middle class families of India.
I have been reading about this for a long time. Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya ji put forward his ideas on the same topic and situation more than 60 years back. And he mentioned that the government makes such policies but the execution is never completed. I want to know as a responsible indian citizen what can I do to support my countries farmers rather than trying to change the rules. It's high time I don't want to wait for the government to think wisely. Suggest me, what can I do?
Dear farmers more support for youstay unitedlet us show farmers power is the  greatest power
Plus current MSP (Minimum Support Price) regime has created a paddy-wheat cycle in Punjab-Haryana region which has depleted the ground water, water levels going as deep as 400 feet + such MSP based farming has led to stubble burning which chocks Delhi through pollution in winter months. 
Not only more than 700 farmers died but billions of dollars wasted in trying to uphold this unfair laws  which could have used to help this farmers to improve the farms using new machines and new farming technologies. What a waste
They have no sympathy for poor farmers
These farmers are burdens..
Stand with Farmer
Farmers, protest is no use. Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
I love farmers , govt must listen to them
Awesome leadership by Punjab farmers, puri bulandi se awaz rakhi, kudos to them. Full support to farmers, if rural India will prosper than that will also have positive cascading effect on urban India.
So don't say Govt. is not done anything. In democracy mobocracy won't work. The Govt. is elected by majority. They (BJP) might not have votes in Punjab, Kerala and TN. But that does not mean these states can go against the elected Govt. Either they have to choose the legal way (Court) or Govt. (negotiation). They have to respect farmers who are for the new laws too. Go to Kerala, you can sell your products anywhere and to anyone. Ironically Kerala political parties are supporting this agitation just because of politics. I can't even image a situation where I can sell my products only in one place to one middleman in a price that he is quoting! The new law will abolish it.
Got the goosebumps while listening to you people, Farmers really should get their right.
Y only farmers r killed don't forget that we get food only because of farmers
All Kisan is doing wrong, they must support government who is making corporate strong to fight against Pakistan and China.
At last, some good news. Well done farmers!
If involving private buyers , and giving the farmers option to choose who they want to sell their produce is their doom, why don't America change it's farm structures and follow ours????
There is no mandikaran in up ...then why this state's farmers are poor ?
I am happy ..for it... Thanks for supporting Farmers..l love basic gyan
What are you talking about when you say companies can do whatever they want in the US? They have to follow more laws than any other countries. I live in the US. Do you research first. As far as farmers suicide in the us is concerned, I is rising because of trade war which again is due to policy of closing markets by trump. Socialist countries are always mediocre like india, europe is going that way. APMC is Nothing but cartels operating legally. Look at maharashtra, they changed laws it last year not 25% farmers already have moved on beyond APMC.
I tried understanding the farm bill to the root.. But could not.. Today by chance I dash in to this and  Channel and now am richer in wisdom.... Be more frequent...
"NOBODY IN THIS WORLD IS MORE PATIENT THAN A FARMER"
Thats why farmers should start Cooperative based agricultural sector to save there life.
Helo sir g.. So called Deshbhakt.. Ye bill farmer ke helps kaliye tha.. Sare Jo upsc level teacher hai uhone bhi iss bill ko 95% support kiya tha.. To tu kya bol rahe haiii... Sab ko bhakt bil ta hai Tu khud chamcha laga ta hai....
The thing is, the presence of the regulated markets is, quite obviously, imperative for the entire deregulation to work in a way which will potentially increase competition, therby increasing the offer prices from both the regulated as well as the private players. The problem is, a huge part of the protesters' mass seems to assume that the regulated mandis will themselves disappear, which is not at all true. The farmers will indeed still be having the ability to sell the produce to these mandis at the minimum prices.
Infact, the farmers are not against the bills but they only demand the price regulation. 
Also what about the tear gas shelling and water cannons shelling on our Indian farmers?! Using the sold out Godi media to call farmers Khalistani etc! Is this Democracy?? Did the govt make any committee involving farmers' bodies before drafting these bills? What kind of a 'Gift' is this? One that is forcefully thrusted upon the receiver!! U should have raised this point too. The intention of these Bills is to completely privatize agriculture in our country in the name of liberalisation. That's been happening to many other sectors in or country and even internationally.. 
Old congress farmers law is best
This bill it's totally  against the farmer. When the famer don't need this bill why this gov  passing it bcz ambani adani want it    private company are in Bihar situation is worst for famer they come to Punjab to earn money     this bill made us labour for them.
Hi... Respected Arvind ji....wtever U said & its true because we Indians knew that these BJP people can go to any level for kursi & commision.....They are forcing  these farmers bill to demolish the APMC system & bring the farmers literaly on road.... They are so arrogant that now they consider farmers & APMC Merchants as if their ememies. because they are interested in the commission & corruption with the selected corporates......... in fact they are behaving like this with all Indians....BJP lost public faith.....because this govt. forced Demonitization, GST, Farmers Bill and so many other bills just for their ego.... They have nothing to do with peoples problems & betterment of Nation.......they say that congress ne 70 saal me desh ke khazane me chori ki......ya its true...but  BJP ne to 6 saal me hi desh ko barbaad kar diya.....congress agar chor thi to BJP  Daku hai.....so people are looking to AAP now.....so U should take lead to captivate this oppotunity to bring AAP 
5      APMC       Contract Farming    
Only a small section of the farmers (elite farmers) from punjab Haryana and up are protesting because they will lose their cuts . because until now farmers could only sell to a single buyer that is mandi. The laws are trying to turn this over its head. And no one is stopping them to continue to sell to mandi.
They were bringing market economy and competition for the buyers which would have benefited farmers 
Even today Gandhi ji non violence won in the form of farmers
The meanest man on earth... For Modi it's all doing drama to win elections
Actually this decision of repeal will impose only negative consequences on the actual poor farmers in the long run.
And the substandard farmers with their substandard products can sell it outside Mandi as the highest price they can make
Then why are farmer do die in India if there is no change in framework ?.
We will continue to bring our hope that the day is not far away when the farmers will understand the benification of those  triple laws. Till then the decision what pm modi took is correct.
no Farmers no food remember it
Farmers are the feeders of a nation. Any nation. Theyre the ones whom people like us rely on for our food. If you dont keep your farmers happy, if you do not incentivise the agricultural sector, how do you expect to grow as a nation?
- If the previous system is so good why are farmers killing themselves all this years? Free market is the most efficient way for a healthy growth and that's why the new laws will help with efficiency and price
Based on your analasys,  these 3 laws are not beneficial to farmers,  you suggest few guidelines to make farmers laws. 
Indian cuisine is extremely diverse and each town to region depends on the local farmer to produce that variety of crops to meet the variety of food. In that sense it is similar to Italy's diversity of food.  These laws will destroy the Indian cuisine. The laws promote mono culture farming. It promotes the int'l buyer over the local consumer. Italy managed to avoid standardizing food production for the local diet while allowing agra business. The Italian model should be looked at or India faces an extinction of her variety of food. That hits India's various communities based on faith language and ethnicity.
If no tax then ok farmers gets minimum profits.
This people who are explaining ...what will happen in contract farming...are those ...who even I guess not even put their footprint in any farm......reading a book Nd making a video is easy but.....have ever analyzed how many companies in India have done the contract with farmers and even didn't come to buy their harvest..........if a corporate will decide a harvest price....then ....time will come when ...........like the way now we are not allowed to use incoming calls free or even for DD NEWS or doordarshan for free..........even that has a minimum TRAI Fees.....the same farmers will be bound to sell to nearby available corporates only ....even at whatever price they decide.....and even if any conflict occurs...we do not have so many magistrates that ....they can handle those matters....we will thousands of legal formalities that farmers won't understand......even they won't go and stand for their return that was promised under the pressure of all these legal formalities and conduct's..... sitting in the corporate and buying these harvest and doing business out of it would be routine for the corporates but those who will face the consequences out of it will be in pain......... Anyways.....you guys carry-on supporting the bill......
Respect to the farmers. Jai jawan jai kisaan 
After two years the govt. Mandi(where we sell and get guranteed price of a crop) those will be gone because no one will come to sell. 
I'm from a farmer's family.....
Tiket has spoil the farmers protest
- Cases against Farmers and activists should be withdrawn.
How many have read FARMER BILL ??? 
All APMCs have agreed NOT to deduct any money from payments paid to the Farmer. In fact, 8% extra will be paid to each farmer by APMC that will be reimbursed by SGPC. This way, APMC will force private mandi of Ambani Adani to close their shop and run Away. No need to change the Law back and criminalise the farmers for selling their crop outside APMC. Long live revolution Down with imperialism
Bjp supporters hv disliked the video .... lotus will go down
It is not for Sikh but for Farmers
Farm Law Cancelled By Modi BJP Government. 
Feels like farmers are not yet ready to make farming like an industry. If I get good price elsewhere why I may not like to sell there? Well it is related to quality of product. If quality is bit bad, I can sell in mandi, MSP is already there as was before, if good I may sell elsewhere in high price. Protest is highly motivated by politics and middlemen.
chalak people made Kisan protest to Sikh protest against gov,  they used the Sikh community for other owner benefits.
They will protest on every bill it doesn't matter its 370, CAA or farm bill, and for me this paid protest doesn't matter and you doesn't matter at all
India   has only chamcha media houses no use of these zee,aaj tak, republic
Even the June economic report this ministry shared that Subramanian Swamy spoke about shows failing Indian economy but none of the Godi Media talked about it because fanboys don't do that.
Big victory for farmers. Unity in farmers once again proved itself. Like bhagat singh had gotten victory over Britishers by hunger strike was continued  more than two months.
As usual, a deep insight into farm bills. Quite informative!!!!
The very fact that Modi chose to repeal the laws shows that the protestors were actual farmers, and not andolanjeevis or khalistanis.
I am not sure, but I heard similar farm laws exist in US too. Their farmers situation hasn't improved. 
farmers are not agreeing for MSP cofirmation which govt agreed
Great effort and relentless pursuit by Farmers... A Big achievement in the current times. They are an inspiration to all the oppressed people.
But in this new bill if the market price is 30rs and in contract the price is 20rs then also farmers are entitled to get above the market price only. Despite of having the contract they will get a better price according to the market price
I believe that and also my country people believe that India government ( narinder modi ) is very very wealth less 
Who is Yudhveer ?rite hand of tikat like shah to modi, it is not tikats credibility on line. It Is z medias credibility on line ! how they covered farmers protest . disgrace full
Bhai 2 lakh farmers are not a whole of farmers even we do also own a 10 acre + farm land and we don't have any problems and secondly no APMC will be removed it was Bihar's state government who removed it not centre and they are adding new mandi private mandi but not removing APMC it's a farmers choice where he wants to sell
Modi: Umm... sorry guys, I was dumb back then, I promise I won't do this again, I swear this is not due to elections coming up. 
5. Why its believed that all farmers are damn illiterate and needs education? This protest includes educators, teachers and every sector of Indian population. 
For your kind information, India has approx 15 crore farmers. Only few thousands are protesting because they are middlemen they have left farming way back and are enjoying massages, pizza parties, dry fruits, mineral waters. this is fake protest as anti CAA.
This is not protest of Farmers but it is political and mandies commission agent  craud management event .
Salute and respect for Farmers around the world. 
the best coverage ever. Scoop whoop does best as always. Kisaan Zindabad
If farmers dont want this law, why force it on them??
Those who are protesting as farmers... Please have a look at Rakesh Tikaeit. This man is using you for his own political benifit. Till yesterday Nihangs are farmers now they are not necessary. This man is an absolute goon. He can do anything for his own political benifits. Why Supreme Court is silent? Why not intervening in the situation..
Braving the cold , the heat, the rains, the police, the media, the covid... these farmers are replicas of himalayas itself, "you can't just cross me".
Run away Mr Modi, run away, if not Kutch, Arunachal, then the Bolpur, these farmers are  to not relent, if you do not care about your infamous name, think of slander of the Republic if you have to resign after circumstances force you, therefore,recommending the national government, run away, you can return in 2024?
These farmers are fighting against fascism named modi.
The money that middlepersons/brokers  earn illegally will be distributed between Farmers and the Companies. I guess Farmers should be more educated about the scope of increase in their incomes from  these bills.
Jaggi is the biggest culprit in the name of spiritual.he always support bjp government.
Majority Sikh farmers protesting, thumbnail shows Hindu.
Now Amul Annand pattern cooperatives which brought in white revolution by NDDB,and V.Kurien have brought benefit to many farmers ,NOW.SHG AND AMUL pattern cooperatives be formed at all blocks for major agril products of the blocks so that small and marginal farmers can be benefitted in improving their economic condition .Now leave or ignore the poverty and illiteracy of farmers planning be made based on their wisdom,skill and consciousness and implemented for economic and financial and literacy services be addressed for all farmers pan INDIA.
As for the barricades well farmers are familiar with mud. Any day frontline decides to we will dump enough mud to make a makeshift bridge
Finally Kisan got Victory 
If farmers are no happy then there must be some problem with the bills, this govt can't keep even the farmers happy, they are giving us the basic food, it's necessity and more than any other commodity, do hell with govt bills and policies
sir why vice india has different views on india farmers protest and canadian truckers protest ..........your hypocrisy says enough
~ Yogi's support for accused is extremely strong
And everyone knows how happy farmers are.
we cant trust govt any more,bihar farmers now doing dihari in haryanas farm, these are draconian law
Bjp is gonna lose upcoming UP elections
DONT come to india, main nhi chata mera news chennal vala banda arrest ho BJP ka ab kuch jada he ho rha hai
The one who throws water on farmers face
How can Ajay Bisht, keep Ms Priyanka Gandhi, Congress Leader, in custody, without a Legal Arrest Warrant ?  Why is Modi ji becoming so indecisive, ineffective and irrelevant - he should resign and hand over the baton to respected Gadkari ji, a much superior, decisive, effective and relevant Leader of India, whom India needs and from whom India can expect a clean and productive leadership, with an honest track record of delivering results. I am apolitical but , feel that Gadkari ji, in place of Modi ji, would deliver for Indians, much better results 
Pay the farmers a fair price
We support farmers 
As  poor farmers have no place to store their vast  produces if mandi  system is retired where will poor farmer store his produce?? 
And also if msp is set low than what farmers are expecting then its a total mess. Because no one knows about climate and the order of producing different vegetables say for example farmer potatoes msp is at hood level and has security that potatoes wont spoil and on other hand there is tomato which has high chance of spoilage and also has low msp compared to potatoes. Preferably at a level once this thing will happen that majority of farmers produce potatoes and than it is in huge amount and waste of everything and marks the scarcity of other vegies.
My opion is that AGRICULTRE , BASIC EDUCATION and MEDICINE should be untouched by corporates so that the public gets these at least price and farmers get minimum support price.
This bill will benefit the farmers ... But their fear is also right ....govt has to come up with a middle way
I love when they don't take credit for themselves but says this is "Guru nanak's langar".... Whenever you see videos of protest like this against tyrant govt you can sense real India in them...
For price manipulation we have  Essential commodities act in place
Support to our food and farmer's
even the punjab CM accepts that the farmers protest has been hijacked by pro-khalistanis and pro-pakistanis... period.
Yeah what I don't understand here is unless they're letting foreign interests have special privilege over the homegrown companies this shouldn't even be a problem The farmers will be making more money it's the same system we have here in America if you take potato farmers for example they sell about 50% of their stock fast food and the other half to grocery stores and they usually get a good price The only reason they aren't this year is because of the pandemic
I support the farmers
It's a pity that the government is so scared that they are not letting the farmers to put across their views.
Wow... simply wow.... This is a quality production video. If this video is translated into local language and telecast in all the regional television, Indian middle class people (most powerful sect in Indian present sociology) will understand what farmers are agitating for. I'm sure most of the people in Indian other than farmers doesn't understand what is going on.... because of the sensational news telecasting approach of low quality Indian channels
The lion always takes step's back before it leaves forstep forword a fool like you don't think Modiji can't come back again on formlaws even you have no eligibility to talk about the great primenister of our India nonother than our modiji
6. What happened when the farmers are unable to produce the contract amount of crop.
3:19 : what do you mean by "Sikh Swatantrata"????? Whom do they want freedom from??? They are our brothers and we are no letting them go anyhow or anyway. Some khalistani people may try to divide them but we all know that they are more mature than those Khalistani fools. So dear BBC, stop your soft propaganda. Our Sikh Brothers are not going anywhere and they are not being involved in any activity which may portray them as dissent from the India. We are family and it dissent happens in a family. But one thing is for sure that we are not letting them go. They are My people, they are our people. And BBC it is also a possibility that some foreign forces have created those accounts to create faction between Hindus and Sikhs. We have not forgot what Our Gurus did for us and we wont be able to repay even 1%. We are not letting go the lineage of our Gurus. Waheguru. Sat Sri Akaal. Jai Shri Ram. Har Har Mhadev.
1000% agreed abt mrp for farmers 
But he is still farmers but you ?
Terrible journalism.  Whats the issue?  What are the black laws?  How does it change the current system?  How would the farmers be exploited?  How would the reforms help the farmers?  Gratuitous violence but hardly any information about the issues at hand. Dont waste your time watching.
Vox: what about the other states where MSP isnt there anymore or trades are happening outside of mandis - apart from Bihar how are they doing?  What has been the time period since the MSP is laid out? What kinds of model exists in world wherein agri sectors who are heavily dependent on government subsidies can work towards being independent? What is the cost of protection provided to farmers in terms of tax payers money? What is happening to the grains taken by FCI and stored which are procured from farmers on MSP and than sold to poor people (most are farmers and farm labours and other labours) at PDS systems for extremely low price? 
Modi should pay Tribute to The Shaheed farmers and apologize instead of still trying to prove that he was Rite.
I strongly condemn the passing of the three draconian anti-farmers laws by the Indian Govt. The passing of these laws were done unilaterally and aimed at facilitating profiteering by a handful of PM's blue-eyed Corporates at the cost of not only farmers but ultimately the entire Nation. The present Govt has sounded its death knell.
Farm bills have been taken back! We need more explanation on why doesn't the gov make MSP the base price and why don't make it illegal to buy below the MSP anywhere!?
They are not farmer they are extremist
As much as I admire people's emotion and caress for the Agriculture fraternity, I support whatever benefits the farmers at the grassroot level. 
3. Why the new bill does not tax the private players - but only the APMC licensed buyers? Is this not a big problem of the bill to force the farmers to sell to private players and make APMC irrelevant in long run?
He should not be pm any more, we dont want a pm always say sorry after making common people in trouble, what about the life of farmers who were killed during the strike, this man should be thrown out of our country
The ordinance for this bill was already there for past 6 months, this guy completely overlooked the hyperbole from the opposition politicians (death warrant of farmers, black laws etc etc) while talking about Kangana's equally idiotic terrorist barbs at the same time. Not so balanced as you claim yourself to be. 
Bro every thing look beautiful on paper  but it's going to hit farmers hard ..
4. To those who produce perishable item , which you can sell only in monopolised apmc mandis ( no sell outside mandis allowed ) with those item in hand and corrupt people who manage apmc you got to sell those perishable item fruits and vegetables quicky to avoid the rot ,    because very few cold storage infra that to in hands of same corrupt officials of apmc , farmers had to sell those item at low cost (because govt can't procure , and they can't sell anywhere ) apmc mandis class buy at penny cost and store in their private small cold store (this storage capacity is so small that it can't use economies of scale hence per unit cost rise from storage ) and they later sell in market vis their oligipoly structure at his cost and you hand up with high price in market to consumer and penny to Farmers
We all know who were protesting are not farmers . Real farmers don't have time for all these non sense .
If no traders are ready to buy a product in it's msp, the government have the responsibility to buy that goods from farmers for minimum supporting price
Need to change the way we represent farmers, even in icons/images in presentation.
Minimum support price should be made mandatory for every profession. Exploitation exists in every field that is corruption is universal since greed is inbuilt part of human psyche.
I really liked your explanation of the farm bills and the execution that will happen as a consequence but I do not agree with your solution to prevent exploitation. Instead of controlling the market like in the Soviet or Ashokan Model, government should enable more competition and support creative destruction of the existing companies or within the companies. Steps can be promotion of start-ups in this sectors, enabling infra required to grow, ease of finance etc. @ThinkSchool
Why?Kisan k haq maen bill pr power contractor ko 
*Police should stand down. They are caught in the politician puppetry Let the PUBLIC face the Farmer protesters, leaders & politicians who are protesting, disrupting traffic, creating ruckus... violence etc. Let Public face the violence, only then will the public take action against these fools and support the police*
mostly farmers are fools.
Full of misinformation mam...as a farmer, everyone can sell their crops wherever they want, even in other states also!! Can you mention any act which prohibits the farmer to do so?? So what is the cause of this new bill??
Stand with farmers and oppose this I undemocratic government!
0:55 This was for opposition not for farmers.
Even RS Sodhi the Executive Director of Amul has appreciated a lot for this bills!!
Those who destroy farmers have won.. But, Modi will win..
Proud to be a farmer plz support us guys #supportfamer
Prove that this bill is anti farmer
It is an election gimmick as 7 states are going for Assembly polls in 2022 namely Punjab, U.P, Uttarakhand, Goa, Himachal Pradesh, Manipur and Gujarat.
Bills were passed in Parliament. India doesn't run on crowds,  India runs on Parliamentary procedure. And just because an opposition politician  don't agree with the bills doesn't mean they won't be passed. Plus most of middlemen used to take Farmer's profit while farmers were committing suicide, this bill is to throw out the middle man and farmer can directly sell it to the option they seem best.
Proud of all Farmer ALL around the World. How bout that. God bless the farmers. Please stop the suicides brothers and sisters
Let animals roam the farms like they were allowed to before, in Punjab
In up election bjp surely win. Then bjp creat this i cant belive. This creation need some peopile they creat this
It's about farmers please make video in farmer's language. Don't be like govt.who give English advertisement . @Newslaundry
I support the Bill
I couldn't understand anything about farmer's protest for months from Indian news channels, but understood from an 8-minute foreign news media.
Very nicelly expalanation new farmer Bill in India  a student from Pakistan thanks finology legal.
We need this more to reach all in India,  i pray to god that these farmers struggle should not go waste.
It might be possible that we will never know the full facts and stories of accident site, but one thing for sure one wounded man with folded hand was murdered by those goons without hesitation and we all have seen his murderers,  even when Death was staring him. He hadn't said what his murderers wanted him to say. And worse part no-one is talking about lynched people and Reporter who died there, as if no one is Human except Protester(So called farmers.)
Nothing is gonna happen. Majority of people in India support farming reforms. If these reforms are implemented then the 2 decade stagnant agriculture sector will once again grow.
Yet Law was very revolutionary some flaws were there why they repealed it instead they could have added msp protection in contract farming law and modified some other provision that was what farmers were protesting. Yet again they did a blunder and will pose blame on farmers. True that some protester were not Farmers but the causes were genuine we can see how jio Flipkart Amazon killed competition this would have happened with farmers in contract farming laws . The protection was needed which was msp but alas!!!!
Bchche m talent to h but Congress Ko support kr ra h ise apni pdai m Dhyan Dena chahiye
50 lakh as compensation and government job to their family of farmers .....................................Bloody bastards politicians
I think it's a good decision but all can not happened by this bill we need to reform more , i am come from agriculture family, if one can use market all over the world this is a good decision but i don't know why farmers protesting .it's increases rate when there is a demand from different buyyers,12 % of agricultural land  in the world is in india ,but our agricultural exports are less than 2% in the world due to switch off free trade.
 -  Punjab produces 10.9% of rice in India but its share is 26.8% of total procurement by GOI.
As per govt Earlier they were andolan jivi , corporates ,separatist, terrorist and now they are kisan as govt called agian them as kisan.
True media  i have  no words to write  after  watching  this  documentary our coming  generation will get  to know about the farmer  agitation
We proud to our farmers for this achievement 
These are farmers Samdish!! They fed whole country... ofcourse they can feed themselves.
If GOVERNMENT start paying Farmers More then India will surely become A RICH nation soon cause INDIAN farmers are Backbone of our Indian economy .
According to me Farmers Bill is the best thing Modi has done cause I know my friend whose father is middle men in APMC market and their turnover is over 1cr/annum,he lives lavishly in posh area and his college fees is 60 lakhs for course,I don't know how these middle men earn Soo much but I know Farmers are being fooled and this bill is best thing for them.
Adani group already started construction of huge godawns in Haryana to collect agriculture produce. Now we will eat as per their choice and price.
I support farm laws. Shame on such opposition for insisting fear and violent situation. They haven't read those laws and unnecessarily insisting such activities. I want these laws be implemented ASAP.
2. Msp (or minimum support price) was *not* removed in the new bill. Anybody can cross check this.
Sabse zyada tho news readers ne bhot hi zyada spoil kiya tha farmers ko.
Farmers never come for Fight
Because input costs are increasing, farmers also need higher prices for their produce.
Congratulations to the farmers
The management of this protest super each and every person to give 100 percentage to this protest good job farmers u r a true hero of this country
So in short the only change thats needed is legalising MSP as a mandate  that way contractual price cant be predatory to the Farmers .
However much eye witnesses you bring, I don't think justice will prevail. The case will go on for years and finally the accused will get bail. This is our lovely and great india under siege by modi and amit shah.
The last few decisions of our respected SC and this peaceful protest of farmers and their win clearly prove our democrasy is still alive. But we must be aware about the dangers. So people of UP must think properly before casting their votes.
So happy that the farmers won and gave a big middle finger to the government.
1 yr of farmers protest
Police should be there to follow Covid guidelines in the protest, not to stop them to enter Delhi. If farmers want a peaceful protest no one should stop them.
1. Farm laws repealed
Why is no one asking eyewitnesses that why they saw 'tamasha' of killing reporter and bjp volunteers ,did nothing to help or themselves indulged in beating them to death like most farmers as seen in the video,and question of wearing bhindravale shirt
Both should co exist.  For farmers to get max price.
Really is he preparing for UPSC. By his words doesn't look like.    How he is explaining bill are not that bad too.. this first two laws helps small and marginal farmers. And talking about third farm law. We need that law, during 80's we could understand we didnt hard enough food. But now we have excessive food surplus and every year many good grains are going in drain.. who's money is wasted it's tax payer money. So we need food storage units to store excessive grains. This would help govt only from stopping the export of items.. recent example is onion.
Punjab mee Congress  ka burra time start ho gia hai
More power to our farmers
The cost will definitely increase but this time it won't only be the farmers taking the hit, you and I as a consumer will have to bear it. But isn't it what we all wanted, to have our farmers get a fair share for their labour. Earlier Mandi's used to make profits now the corporates will. But that won't come at the farmer's expense. How many states farmers make a decent profit on their work? Only a handful, what about the rest? We needed some new agricultural bill from a long long time and this is it.
She is a true reflection of indira Gandhi....kuch bhi bolo Congress her aspect per bjp per bhari toh padti h..bjp me gawar aur gunde h,aur Congress me educated aur intellectual log h....bjp bechari bina media aur andh bhakto ka kuch nahi h...bechari bjp isi liye shor machati rehti h
I might be the only person in comment section who get affected by new farm bill. Please note that india isn't isn't small country by population and size, every state is like a different country with different challenges. These new bills are only affecting millionaire farmers of state called Punjab (some parts of adjacent states). Similar kind of farm laws are already implemented in some states and no one gives a damm about it. And majority of REAL farmers don't have any problem with new laws or never will. These protests are organised by political rivals of current goverment and khalistani supporters. Trust me I'm a farmer and I don't have a day to waste with these goons.
u know what pm sahab ist tym m listeining u coz of farmers.
So happy for farmers .
Of course, farmers had to be perfect in food prep. Loved the Langar system. More power to you!
We should support our farmers
Punjab State Is The Real Power Of whole India.
Nepali Sugarcane-Farmers and likely others around the boarder have been victimizing both from Nepali and Indian Industrialists.
Just saw the original video try to find it they ran them over from back while the farmers were walking not even doing anything.
The real Farmer is still in his fields to flourish his/her crops to feed Nation .Only propaganda creator goons are on borders.
Also this system has been tested in western countries and farmers are suffering in those countries.
Ye dicision elections ki wjh se liya h kyki  farmers hmesha se hi shi the to ye phle bhi kiya ja skta h 
The main problem of our farmer's are insufficient rate of their products and have limited option for marketing.
Selfish farmers. They want to artificially keep food prices high.
The problem with intern based global reporting of International media is that they contact their trusted  source in the region and report based on their feedback. Otherwise they would know that farmers and opposition has been asking for the same reform for a decade now.
Dear foreigners, please support Indian farmers  . Jai Hind (Hail India)
If farmers don't want that law then gust cancel it.
Again I think disputes are really hard to win for the farmers incase of any misadventures from these companies, unless atleast the poor farmers are given unconditional protection from exploitation in any court and at least be able to get back their expences for the loss due to the misunderstanding from the clauses, hoping the educated farmers are at least aware of the contract and what they are signing into.
I as farmer am against ordinance and not being fooled
Even as per your explanation, Free market means the farmers can sell to whoever pay them high.
There is provision in the bill that if farmer not okay with fix the future price so farmer and contractor mutually decide before agreement fix guaranteed price and additional price which will be above fix price if market price is more than contract price at the time of delivery so simply we can say flexi price quoting option is also der
So many election during this law.Bjp won all this election.
So wrong! Prices outside of APMCs will ALWAYS be lower. Why? Bcoz if corporates had to pay higher directly to farmers, they would just simply go to the APMCs and buy from there!
I frm the state of Kerala pledge my solidarity to the farmers who r protesting against Modi's fascist govt and its policies which is ruining my nation vi va la revolution
Last one why farmers have not right in these bills to file a case in court why they need to depend on Sdm or tehsildaar( local case win who will able to pay more black money) farmers will more exploited.
Farmers are very poor.farmers livelihood depend on it.
One Of The Best Farmers Protest Documentary ...
Not india is from bjp
I adore Modiji for his timely decision on Krishi kananu. The groupes who demand for the widrawal of the above are exposed. Their internal intention was to disrupt the unit of India and try to disfigure the image of India in enemy countries.All their mala fide intentions and plots would be gradually exposed.
Please get your facts right ...first....did you know how the farm laws will farmers in india...please be more accurate and precise..do you know how farmers sell their vegetables
When farmer doing protest why you have not given such statements
it is bad for poor farmers and overall for all farmers . India need modern agri laws for compete the world market.
Bro according to old farm bills the farmer has no right to sell outside the APMC zone or inter-state why are you misleading the people and according to new bills the farmer can sell anywhere including APMC isme dikkat khya hai and the punjab government is the first state to introduce contract farming in 2004 officially
Thats not a true fact because these are some agents of modi government by which they can blame on farmer protest...
So for him BJP is more important than Country. I had supported this law now I am disappointed that for the fear of loosing election he sacrificed what is good for country.
Which part of the (a) APMC related bill or (b) Price Assurance bill forces the farmers to engage in selling outside mandis or engage in contract farming ? Please answer this question specifically by telling me the clause which forces the farmers.
No discussion of farm bill should ever take place without a discussion on corruption within Indian politics, esp within the INC.
....when you take name of Bhagat Singh ...please make sure you don't malign name of Shaheed bhagat singh and the farmers....cause is right way is not...girls and women feel unsafe stepping out of house in evening due to such people
Instead of concentrating on farmers they are focused in making new parliament. We Indians  don't need new parliament we need new prime minister.
One of friend he is a farmer from raichur Karnataka.... He used to farm tomatoes and wen he goes to apmc they u used to bid for starting from 10 rupees for 25 kilo... Max to max he could get is 30 rupee for 25 kilo.. So he stop 
The government usually forces the farmer to sell locally at low prices so that they can supply subsidized rice to urban consumers or to keep the rice price low in cities.
1. The Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020 
They won because of UP & Punjab elections..
There was no stone pelting simply they were protesting. Car mowed on peaceful farmers from behind. Windscreen was not broken just it was kept down while driving
Half knowledge ...... Subject= 3Farm bill but video on why APMC is bad ?? Kya kr rhe ho didi ... Monopoly ki baat krte ho ... Ambani Adani ne kitna bda monopoly kr rkha bhul gye ..Jio k price bdhte jaa rhe h ?? 
RIP to those farmers who lost their lives while fighting for their rights. One biggest question Who is responsible for the death of these farmers???
If the gov is not there in between then private sector will do the same with each farmer which they are doing (buying in lower prices) with 75% of our farmers.
Farmers: Hey , That's illegal
Iss bandey ne lines ratt k rakhi hai kya.!! He speaks same.. everywhere everytime. Ab congress ne ittey saalon mein kisaan ko chhat nahi di toh isme ab modi ki kya galti!!
People who were put blame on every trump voter for Capitol hill incident are telling is to not put blame on every farmer organisation involved in agitation. Only 30 out 500 farmer organisations  support this agitation. And these 30 farmer unions have been asking for these 3 laws since 2013. Suckers!!
WE ARE FARMER NOT A TERRORIST 
Dear all i want to tell everyone that farmers was just follow their peacefull protest and want to protest at Red Fort but Delhi Police first attack farmers with tear gas and stick farmers did it just for their self defense this show how government is manipulating democracy is
Why India under is 800 year colonial rule because of our own people ,this farm law is the prime example
He criticize Modi but will never criticize Rahul Gandhi and Arwind Kejriwal.
3. Yes, MSP is very important. But, as today we got Mandi rates, because of digital farmers sell their produce at a good price. (Even today)
The opposition will always say it's bad and the ruling party will always say it's good and in between this the Farmers will perish 
Farm laws were introduced to counter most of these problems. But politics ruined those prospects. They also were backed by renowned agriculturists "Rihanna" and "Mia Khalifa". Even our PM out of his self-interest repealed those laws and threw the rest of the country's farmers under the bus. Mind you out of farmers of 28 states only 2 states farmers protested.
What about the majority of farmers who wants these laws? International funded protest shouldn't dictate terms. They are trying to slow down our rise. This the public must understand.
Thanks farmers u r real hero ...Modi is in coma why cant he change law ... when ever he make any decisions its ruined India.. remember note bandi
Why farmers can't go to court??
Edit : There are about 100M-150M farmers in India and a mere of  50000 are protesting that too from a specific state, Where the issue of Khalistan had been hot for a long time. Doesn't it seems suspicious?
We respect our farmer's struggle and support it.  Our support to the media that is covering the struggle of true induan farmers. It makes no difference to farmers of weather, rain, cold, heat, to bend the country rules.
The people who commits crime or who cheats people are allowed to wander, espace  but the people who protest peacefully for their right with valid reasons are targeted all time...everybody should think and thank the farmers before they eat...
Nicely presented. But you forgot to mention that farmers have still the option to sell to mandi. It is their choice whether to enter into a private deal or market or do business as usual. As for the Essential Commodities, it is true that this amendment can encourage hoarding & eventual price rise / inflation. You didn't mention the base price with ref to which those percentages will be calculated. Point here is, if anything, people at large are the ones to be offended & affected by the potential for price rise while farmers have the chance to make more money. Surprisingly, public is quite calm about the laws while those who are likely to be benefited are apparently agitated about the amendments! It will be useful if you can explain the possible real undercurrents for their anger that makes them carry protests for such a long time with a strong demand on repeal of these laws. In fact, people need to be told what is at stake for the various stakeholders in this play & how these laws when implemented, can contribute to growth of our economy in general by way of both higher & efficient agricultural produce as well as by roping in taxes that were conveniently evaded by middlemen in the industry.
I am also a farmer and my son's will also be farming here. We had been deprived of our right due to few Agents and Middle Men and when now Govt has taken steps to curb that and help us. You western media guys are spreading lies and hate among us and dividing. Watch there in your land for next Farmer Protest and it has begun now in Germany. Beware. We are coming to you.
All farmers dues should be cleared in 2 weeks. this will boost the economy.
Repealed the laws at the cost of 700 farmer lives .dear farmers salute to your unshaken determination of not giving up your peaceful protest taught  us many things and among all the power of peaceful protest
Yeah so it's better to open market for farmers.Citizens make a nation strong. Where we have citizens who make cartel against farmers (the hard workers) to get undue profit, it's very difficult to progress. People of this nation need to change and stop exploiting or finding loop holes in law. Law is for the betterment of society. When will people understand that
These laws enormously BENEFITTED the small and marginal farmers, but NOT the middlemen.
Jai jawan Jai kisaan. Modi became Hitler. Doing injustice with his own countries food providers. Accept what they are asking for & let them all live a healthy & a safe life. Let them go back to their families. Waheguru baba ji bless them.
Thanks for the clear explanation of the problem of the recent farmers' bill!
no we actually dont need the government to do this.... Bcoz for being a competitior.. It's fine if they oppose.....but there should be a regulatory body for agriculture just like an organization Jisme Bas kishano ka Faida ho.... And our given the rights to oppose the law of government on behalf of farmers... Toh Ab Jaise disputes ho rahe woh Bhi nahi hoge...amul Jaisa ek model... I wish entrepreneurs look upon on this as an social opportunity and not a business opportunity I wish I could have a business model... Oh sorry I mean social model know this
On the other hand, everthing depend on demand and supply of anything, so if any thing is produced in excess , no one will purchase at MSP except Govt and Govt can only purchase till it store capacity is not full. On the other hand if domestic agriculture produce is itself expensive then international mkt, then why one would purchase from domestic market rather they will import from other countries. Such things will be done. That's why only MSP can be guaranteed by Govt but Govt can't impose MSP on private sector. Because over all price  depends on demand supply of produce. And every produce is not of the same quality so MSP can't be same of same product with different quality. If MSP is made mandatory on private sector then bad and good quality produce have at same MSP, think, is it possible? Then why one would purchase from farmers, if something is imposed without any benefit. Yes, it's true that a price should be fixed as per the demand and supply by the Govt that could be imposed for a particular time period but not permanently.
 Es bill se msp khtm hoga mean no fix price if compny want they can purchase crop in penny value
Remove MSP for Agriculture. Otherwise fix MSP for all products including factory products. Stop pampering farmers
Its kinda embarrassing to see how half of the people didnt even know how the farmer bills are affecting the farmers
Farmers Keep up the good fight.
Farmers are real heroes in India now. They are terror to Godi Sanghi Media, champions in their fight against arrogant communal goons. Sanghis are depressed now. Hopefully North Indians will learn something from the farmers to defeat zero performance BJP in the coming elections. RIP to BJP in south India. ROYAL SALUTE to INDIAN FARMERS.
No problem if our few hundred or thousand farmer brother didn't wanted the law, government listened to them that was really nice of them and well also obey the rule
Thank you BBC for covering this. Its so important to support EVERYONE in agriculture and farming. Respect their wishes if they are the ones growing your food! Theyve already suffered from cancer and disease brought on by all the mandatory pesticides that are overpriced and FORCED to pay out of their own pocket!!! If they are trying to keep up with the rest of the world and the regulations the GOVERNMENT SHOULD PAY NOT THE FARMERS
We stand with farmers .
The last line was kinda ironic,we have to change the structure and supporting those same old structure opposing new reforms . India needs to learn from New Zealand deregulating farming and ending subsidies.
Again, it's not monopoly that would be established out of this process as a market condition; through the factor you call APMC. It would be oligopsony or bilateral monopsony that would be functioning as a market condition for farm produce. Please do little research before you present something as facts.
BJP is very much capable of winning elections by hook or crock,but not listening to grievances of our farmers.
Those copy paste jootha chat coverage by all godi media proves how connected or owned by the bjp party...
4. Coming to farmers : Majority of the farmers sitting in the protest are the same lot who are the reason behind the ugly smog you see in Delhi in winters. In fact, one of the demands of these "farmers" is that they be exempted from the fine levied on them for burning crop residue causing the smog. And yes, there are sufficient alternatives to burning. Take that Greta joke with a pinch of salt, will you Trevor !!
Lallantop wale ticks ke liye bhi kuch bhi dikhate hai. Sarkar ko ghera my foot. People are so enterprising these days that they watch youtube and do farming. There are so many examples. Graduates from IIt are moving towards farming and making tons of money. If someone wants to sit like a rock and do nothing then there is no solution.
The other side of democracy ,dirty politics the bills were for farmers to increase their income but due to some dirty politics from congress and other opponents he repealed the bills.This is the moto "Congress" let the country go to  hell we should destroy the country for our "gandu" sorry "Gandhi" family .Let us see if so called farmers go back to their homes.Jai hind Jai bjp 
But let's wait for his next innovative steps forbthe welfare of farmers..
In past when india  be used to democratic , any protest against govt policy was never sidelined as anti india protest .in 2014 everything changed when modi came to power.
The day democracy constitution and farmers wrote history
The views expressed in this video are similar to those of Urban Naxalite views.The government has repeatedly clarified that the old system will remain in full force, in whatever system the farmer gets a profit, sell his produce only in that system. Now the farmer will be freed from the clutches of the brokers.
For People in comments who are mocking that she didn't tell whether it is good or not, she gave u what is the farm bills is about. It is you who has to decide using your head whether it is good or bad. She provided facts, now use your head.
I would lije it if you read the 3 farm laws 1st cause what you said is literally opposite of the whole thing!
I feel for my fellow brothers and sisters, this war does not care what colour , sex or religion you are, it is the fight of good and evil. Here in the England the rate at which young farmers have taken their own lives over tgee last 20 years alone is dispicable.
sanjay the farmer -- do not judge a book by its cover
"India's farm laws have the potential of developing India's agricultural sector"
I appreciate tht BJP is the most intelligent party in world atleast they know they haven't acknowledge properly to so called farmers and now they will find other way possible to help farmers I know it coz modi did in gujrat and gujrat now most developed states in india.
What are your suggestions on Farm bills and Agri reforms? Comment below!
This is British style plan that army and farmers which are savior of India  open to fight on ground
Madam msp is minimum support price not minimum selling price though both mean the same but it is that way when said
Hats off to our farmers and also SW team for showing this
And now i know about the farmers bill clearly after watching your video.. thanks
Thank you for raising the Farmer's voice on international media. Great work. Please try to do it more times & also another platform's
3. In the 3rd bill, as per the Essential commodity act, one cannot horde food items beyond a certain limit now that limit have been struck off which means there is no limit on how much one can buy and horde. No wonder why certain Adani n Ambani are on a warehouse building competition spare across India much before the bill was passed.
Free  Punjab and haryana hindu oppression of Sikhs and Christians must be  Canada supports 
and thus a system has build over time which profits Few like Middleman and Rich Farmers( Who are farmers as they own huge Land, but in reality they employ thousands of small laborer in their fields every harvesting season) but not who owns small land and few cattle.  Those who owns agricultural land do not have to pay taxes thus buying agricultural land and employing labor at a lowest wages is a system in place which has kept many people stuck in deep poverty.
No farmers protests ..so 
Farmers saved our India... Thank you
Except punjab and haryana Noone is protesting.
Government should have discussed with farmers and other experts before passing the bill.
Great video, thank you. But if agricultural prices will rise due to these bills, why are farmers protesting?
Farmer's rational logic: 50%
Salute to the farmers.. We all must support them, they are really so inspirational. Nice journalism. Sometimes feel like crying the nation is being ruled by Hitlergiri.. Shameless government. Let's see aur kitne julm Dhayegi modi sarkar.
Madam ji eplained it legaly ,now as a farmer of punjab allow me to explain it at ground level 
if they legalise MSP for just 23 crops , it will be injustice to those fruit vegitable growers and other agro farmers who grows different varieties. punjab takes advantage of MSP and whole economy of punjab depends on it. 70 percent of MSP benefieries are from punjAB west UP. thats why they are demanding it. i cant see any south indian farmer demanding it. we need reforms for distributive justice within farmers community. the distrust after the treatment of govt to farmers should be corrected soon. any progressive step should be taken after contacting not just big punjabi farmers but also small to medium farmers from all the states across the country and not just punjabis. they alone dont represent the interest of indian farmers. whatever system those bills wanted to create is already existing in maharashtra and its functioning well. MH didnt reject APMC but allowed liberty to sell anywhere. we have 2 examples. one is bihar and another is MH. everybody talking about bihar only. yes it had flaws but it could have been corrected to make it more inclusive
I'm not from India but wish them (farmers) luck in the outcome. keep protesting and stay united, because the govt will try to divide you, and make you fight each other while they take control.
Aur ek chiz profit and loss depends on economic growth, supply, demand,thats all called business. Farmer literate hoga tab jake india grow karega.agar kisan kheti k sath business sikhega na tab koi mantri koi business man unka kuch nehi kar payega.hum sab log aaj b piche hai comparatively us k kisan.bcoz of lack of knowledge, and always depends upon government
Congress n other oppositions want to create  havoc prior to elections. What is the strategy behind the farmers agitation when the case is in the court n law is yet to be implemented? Supreme court asks this. Brokers, antinationals, goons, Khalistans with abroad funds in the name of  farmers with the support of congress ,AAP, r making havoc to the nation. Ahead of of UP elections to create a bad name for BJP this drama is staged ,least bothered about the lives of the public. India Today we know who u r
Or is he lying, and knows it is going against his election numbers.
IF YOU DONT KNOW... NOW YOU WILL BE MISLED... I think you looking into only a few media channels that Support your narrative brother. I suggest you to do complete research before you make a video. Did you try to understand why only one or two(particularly Punjab) state farmers out of around 28 States in INDIA are protesting? May be the answer lies the answer.
I am requesting to all farmers plz. Plz. Read these three ordinances of farm bill. This farm bill will benefit the farmers. plz don't believe on political or farmers leaders rumors. Farm bill is providing you choices and Read it and then react. Specially punjab people plz read and don't take this protest on your ego.
 and rest of indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell 
Very imature and just conveyed what she read from books, whatever exploitation happened on APMC will get implies in future by private market or corporate,  either way farmer is not beneficiary
They produce and whole India eats farmers are for their Right
Stand with the farmers
Firstly make sure that were they real farmers or not I'm from the state of bihar India and ironically my whole family is also farmers and i belongs to very rural area where people are mostly dependent on agriculture but not even a single protesters were from the state of bihar whose have most fertile land in whole india and whole population is dependent on farming these protesters were not farmers they are the middle man whose manipulation would have gone because they are only one who are manipulating and gaining profits
The oppositions are able to take points because of Whom? BJP made the Farm laws to benefit it's Corporate friends. BJP needs to work in the best interest of the people of Indian NOT for it's friends. BJP is working Against the interest of people. Now, they are killing annadhaattaas who are fighting for their rights. BJP will soon be punished by people of India for all this arrogance they are doing.
Bad day for India and farmer
What Vox didn't tell us is that most of these farmers are the elites of farming. Farmers of Punjab and Haryana have highest average income because government supports them disproportionately over other states. They fear that by this deregulation of the market they will lose this privilege. Hence all this ruckus. Most of the economist agree with this policy of the government and the successive governments also mentioned the need of its implementation. Half the protest is due to disinformation and the other half fear losing their privilege.
they are asking for MSP(minimum support price)
Ape jo bolo raha Hai ohh sehi nehi hai ,actually  bjp election  keliye ohh law Bapasa Liya, ohh modi ji ka acting Hai ,Oscar  Milana chahiye .actually  Oscar  award film and actor ku nehi Dena chahiye ,sehi mane to hamar desh ka neta and thoda news wala ku Dena chahiye. Jo magar Machha Jesse ro raha Hai.
Lmfao, go and read farm laws, then read the demands of these farmers. Stop spreading lies. Farmers from other than 2 states are going about their life. Didn't expect such misinformed vid from Noah. 
As a farmer I find it good. I can sell to anyone I wish. I not just a farmer anymore , I am on the way to become a businessman myself.
MSP should be defined for all produce with rates go up down but not cross minimum price
Farmers: Can you improve the agriculture system please? 
Sad day in the history of India, never believed modi ji would let down india like this. And all for just electoral benefits.
Tommy RSS do not tell anyone about Ajay Mishras threat he will crush farmers in 2 mins OR Harayana CMs advice to attack  farmers  annd go to jail and come out as leaders
A favlous beauty of 2020. It's new strain of farmers.Unity is straingth. 
I realize one thing these farmers are more educated than me
Ego of the govt has bowed down to the unity of farmers. Without farmers no nation can progress.
Ultimately Farmers Will Suffer. Climate will be Harm and Water level will deplit. Now Farmer Of This Punjab have no right to blame anyone but themselves.
And this is real democracy. India is a great model of democracy for the world to emulate.The farmers have valid reasons, Modi should compromise.
I support indian farmers protest 
The farmers have some very valid demands. Look at some:
Is corporations coming in still bad if it allows farmers to grow different crops and get better prices than offered by the govt?
They see farmers protest.
If the fears of the protesting farmers come out to be true who would be responsible?? Is our PM accountable?
3:51 yeah he is telling right in indian army 75% of officers are from Punjab and Haryana they are asking fro there right and soo celled government selected pm modi he have to take these 3 bills return have to 
Respect and Hats Off to DK Sir for this valuable talk !!!! This video should have at least 1 billion views in India  for everyone to know the reality and then make an informed decision and to impel our politicians to act and behave accordingly !!!! Jai Hind !!!!
The laws are good. Look outside punjab and you will realize how much private participation is required for other farmers who do not get government support on price.
Watching this video after an year when bills has been repealed
We Punjabies love to fight. And Modi is giving us a really good fight.
Wow maam... Thnx 4 ur nice presentation on farm bill
Also, there's a provision for the contract holders that any dispute can not reach the courts. It has to be resolved at the level of the local judiciary. Which strips farmers even more of their bargaining rights.
Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan (Hail Youngsters, Hail Farmers)-a 55 years old slogan describing India's two of the central most backbones was 1st quoted by the 2nd Premier of our nation Lal Bahadur Shastri.It is a shame that Modi Sarkaar has destroyed both the  youth and the farmers by taking series of fallible decisions-where current bill passed in the Parliament is the most provocative of all bills.
Modi needs to change his actions and laws for panjab and Panjabi farmers.  He must not do what the british did to panjab.  He has been elected to look after his people.  That means panjabis as well as gujrati.
But I have a question in my mind the question is that how a poor farmer can stay away from his/her for so long time of more than 1 and half years ? ( I ma not a supporter of modi) . And as of I think there are only about 2500 to 5000 farmers are there in protest from past few months. And is it not possible to pay to such a small group of farmers ( I am saying this because in my district in election of jila Panchayat sadasya the competitors had paid the poor peoples to go with him in election campaign) and if such person who have very less money as compared to the national parties or who want to repeal these farm laws .
Hi Priya. Is this amount of 1750 cr of Punjab mandi tax revenue is correct? It seems too less.
Farmers are from Punjab only 
Those are expensive vehicles and farmers from pujab is very rich.But others are not.If government takes back this act, then definitely we will protest.Govt.isnt fool that goes against others for the sake of just 1-2 state.
Love and Respect for Rakesh Tikait ji
Why only  Prosperous farmers of punjab are Protesting?
Thanks  vice news...  From Punjab from India...  For showing us  .  And what  we actually  need.
you could have also said about farmers producers organisations
My total respect gone away from farmer.. Now i see farmer as grain producer only like labour does in factories 
Its really disgraceful that for winning elections in up he came backfoot in three law of farmers  this has put the image of Our prime minister that for continuing prime ministers chair he can also go backfoot
Lesser knowledge is very harmfull. We respect farmers.
Farmer is a main part of our life. 
There seems to be an interesting perspective going around that Sikhs are all Khalistanis or Terrorists and that this has tarnished their image, I believe it would be foolish to judge a protest involving lakhs of individuals from the actions of a few hundred, It would be even more foolish to label a complete community as "terrorists" because of a simple flag raised on an empty pole. 
They are protesting because the new Farm bill introduces a system where the REAL FARMERS can now sell their product in the market without having to go through the middlemen. 
Hurray, now the farmers will be more prosperous than ever
Only Punjab farmers were protesting till now. Will rest of the country protest against this repeal now?? Anyways, congrats middlemen!!
PROUD MEDAM U N MODIJI LOVE U JAY HIND JAY BJP
We want one more video of farmers protest
Farmers try to do a protest*
Boycott Rakesh tiekiaat....stand in support of prime minister of India
Such a weak PM that he got bullied by farmers? Why did he bow down in front of evil farmers? So sad 
3. Again hypothetic in 3rd act. In current aspects farmers are not allow to hold their product. The buyers simply exploited this, not the farmers can also hold thier product if they feel the price is not right. Free market with minimum regulation always does best for everyone. For example you give just one scenerio, that big corporate will create monopoly by buying and holding crop. But you forgot to mention, it's free market, if farmers will sell their products for lower than corporate then corporates have to lower their price. This is how free systems work.
There are Thousands of  Tractors and millions of  Farmers  protesting on the borders of Capital of India " New Delhi". Dear World,  it's  the Longest March in the history of Planet Earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present  "Government of India". Please Support Us, as the "Farmers Produces" are daily  three times on your Dining  Tables. Indian Media is paid by Agencies and are fabricating the protest. Support Us, in writing the "Most Beautiful Chapter in the History of this Planet Earth". 
3. Only 6% people getting MSP, so means need  to improve MSP providing architecture which is feasible with APMC architecture or LAW
This was never a reform in the farm sector. Farmers never demand these laws.
Bro why didnt you made video when bjp persons were killed by farmers uss time kya coma me the
More than the farmers it was actually the intermediaries who were leading against the New farm law. The intermediaries/middleman are the agents, auctioneers, while seller, distributors etc who are eating up most of the money before it reaches the customers. I meet a farmer one time who told me he is selling  the tomato at only Rs 7 Per KG, while in the market it was Rs 55. I realize the middleman are the mafia that eats up all the farm produce. Most of the protesters in n Delhi was led by this powerful middle man who takes away all the farmers money.
Literally the best video on farm bills
2 things- 1) Deceiving Title. He didnt say Sorry for the farm bills but only for the fact that he wasnt able to make stubborn people understand.
These r not farmers , they r the middle man of farming industry who doesn't want this law to come 
Hope for the best for the poor farmers 
Modi drama.. When elections came then modi start drama... Modi govt. Not a farmers govt.. Modi govt support corporate companies and work for that only not for india..
Finally the nature of farming is the relationship between the Farmer and his land. Places like the Mediterranean has thousands of small to media sized farms where that relationship is maintained and because of that the food is fresh and full of flavor.  From great wines to fantastic cheese, breads, pastas and an incredible variety of dishes thrive because of local farms. The meats are superior to anything produced in America. Agra business is the antithesis of farming. It is there for profit and a society pays dearly
YE OPPOSITION VALE HAI -- CONGRESS, AAP, BSP , SAMAJVADI , AMIM PARTY
BJP (current ruling government in India), is a "kattar hindu" (only favours Hinduism) party. They want muslims, Sikhs, and Christian to either leave India or if they want to live then they have no right to go against BJP. This is injustice
In mandi arhtias are very imp in famer life. If they need money in night for any emergency. They go to arhtias    And arhtia give money.  But the private sector. Come they not give. Yes the private sector. Give  good money 2-3 year in that time period  the apmc mandi collapse and then the private sector. Control all over and then they  do whatever they want any price to farmer .
6:03 this here is the middleman that eats up a huge profit margin of farmers. Govt tried to remove this middleman system and allow farmer to get in a contract directly with an MNC and get paid accordingly. This was going to be privatisation of Agriculture in India. 
We stand with farmers
Why is govt not talking about package to farmers mentioned by Ashok Gulati?
Let them have a voice in the process. Let the farmers have real influence
Taking mandis away reduces competitive bidding and price discovery.  This is basics of economics. Pls stop spreading one sided news.
Even  with these flaws Indian prices are way lower then rest of the world which is always good because food should always be as cheap as possible, it is a ""Necessity"" not a ""luxury"" please keep that in mind before diverting people's mind from the real fact
Bjp govt has sold most of India govt owned facilities
Very good review..most so-called protesters n farmers don't know any of these things.. teaching them should be a priority
The law has just given additional options to farmers to sell their produce to corporates it is not a compulsion....
Sir you are just great , your explanation was on point and I would say completely unbiased . So all this sums up to the fact that farm bills aren't that bad but the government needs to make aware the farmers of their rights . 
I think if farmers don't think this bill is good for them then people in studios can't shout and force them to think it is good for them we know how corrupt government procedures are if powers go in hands of industrialists then they will give pennies for tons of veges an internal report suggested if this bill passes industrialists will control price range and it can go as low as 0.2rs for a kg of rice
And then you say that you know about farmers protest.
Indian farmers win and Adani loses.
Please make more videos in farmer protest! Jai kissan! 
One thing I observed is, other videos were 10-11 minutes each but the farm bill video is 30+ minutes. That could be a reason. So Please make a shorter version of this video for better reach and helping common ppl understanding the bills better.
dont teach our PM about farmers -----  wht have u done to farmers wen U and ur mother was ruling?Please dont create drama
Well let me clear farmers are only from 1 state that is from Punjab...all are seen wearing pagdi..
We are with them .Delhi walo come out of your house and support Farmers
Justice for farmers
India is agricultural country, still farmers are struggling. Its a disgrace for citizens and political parties of india
Contract farming was great success in Punjab 10 years back
I support AAP and Farmers too...
GROUND REALITY  ITNA HI SIMPLE HOTA TO SARE FARMERS AAJ PAISE WALE AAMIR BHI HOTE...
Now our beloved farmer vir das will be happy .....I'm a farmer's son and i know these laws  were need of hour ....but tikait like so-called farmer who live luxurious life hijacked the farmers mind for their  middleman masters ....now no govt will bring these laws ..n nothing will change in life of farmers..they will remain poor like always.. by these laws there was a little hope perhaps something can change in farmers life.....but back to same hole ...
Just like farmers forced govt top repeal farm laws, can we people revolt to repeal taxation by force and violence. If they were  we are 
If this is done earlier lot of farmer lives could have been saved. This is very important victory of citizens .
LoL they ban when farmers win  what a joke
No farmer No food 
Sir I am CDS aspirant but my father is a farmer in UP. This video help me in SSB.
Can we get rid of exploitation, If Government fixes a range of Minimum Support Price and Maximum Retail Price for all goods ?
You have presented just one side of the story which is biased against the govt. I don"t think you have read or understood the Farm Laws. I hope you notice that it"s the farmers from mainly Sikh community who are laying siege of Delhi and holding the government and the citizens hostage. It is causing great inconvenience to people who are losing business & livelihood due to road blockage for months now & costing the tax payers millions. This illegal siege is well funded by foreign organizations often anti India terrorist groups who are Khalistanis. This group had committed Hindu genocide in Punjab and assassinated the beloved Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi in 1984. Farmers from all other states of India are happy with the laws as they help the poor. Punjab is a rich state with lot of rich middlemen who are out protesting as this will make it impossible for them to exploit poor farmers. This is a group of middlemen, paid protesters, opposition political parties, goons, Modi haters who can't see India progressing. So please STOP calling it a Farmers protest.
This is literally only important in India stop acting like its a worldwide movement how is it worldwide if its only Indian farmers? I dont get the click bait
However you discussed only flaws of various APMC Acts and existing practices, not how new Bills will resolve these issues (except few). You didn't discussed about new bill for agreement between farmers and sponsors, how the disputes among them will be resolved, what will be the power of courts in this regard,    what if SDM is unbiased or his decision otherwise prejudice to farmers, what if produce will not match quality,grade standards, criteria (inspection will be done by sponsor and they can reject). The price can be varied and corporates are smarter than innocent farmers, and they may take undue advantage of section 5. Bargaining power of big corporates may induce individual farmers to sell their produce at lower price, no other central law prohibits it. Corporates can now stock huge in their cold storage and sell later at higher price.
More power to the farmers, SW family, and Samdish and Parth.
Most of the people don't even know what the bill is all about. People are hating and supporting the bill blindly. We need farmers bill, but few adjustments can be made accordingly as per famers request. You can't simply reject the whole bill.
The Central Government just showing his actual face of anti poor and anti Farmer... if someone of them will lost their life ..who will be responsible???
The best video I have come across regarding Farm bills. ...Thanks a lot sir.
90%   of the farmers suffer due to money lenders and other unruly  characters.
Moral: for leadership how north India is important for election.
Small Farmers can't afford transport to the mandi how they can transport their crops from one state to another
These andolanjivi are getting out of control now, farmers were dying before this bill and will continue to die in future. This bill was the hope to the farmers but they didn't knew it as they were influenced by their leaders who were politically motivated and protest were highjacked khalistani who were funding the farmers leader. 
The MSP is generally greater than the price in APMC and thus it makes profit to farmers
Finally, our farmers have won!!! But we must must never forget those braveheart farmers who lost their lives in this year-long protest. 
This one of the fake protest for nothing.its helpful indeed farmers only..
This shows the weakness of Modi.  First of all, there was no need for such laws.  All the Govt. had to do was to remove any restriction the farmers might have in selling their products.  No new laws were needed.  The middlemen who controls trade, aided by Khalistanis abroad used it to defame Modi and to test his will.  They succeeded.  Now they will try to bring him to new lows and they might succeed in that also.
I love your talks, I love your lectures and that's why I am making this first comment here but this lecture seems to be one of the biased talks by you leaning towards the government rather being value-neutral in terms of the content of laws for example since 1975 there is no restriction on a farmer to sell their products in the mandi they can sell it anywhere, the restriction is on the traders, however, you say that's the case for the farmer, also the case where APMC is not there. Also, your point about the free market seems to be arguing that free market will directly benefit the farmers and will take away the middle man, however removing the regulation on the amount that can be stored you are actually creating the middlemen inform of big industries, particularly that can export good. There seem to be quite a few gaps in this lecture and I would like to request from you, your take now that the government has taken back these laws. Furthermore, in the start, you give examples of things becoming status quo, and just because something becomes status quo it does not mean that it is better than the previous status quo. Through your lecture it seems like you do not highlight the inherent bias of the government, you assume again that government is neutral towards farmers and industrialists alike, we know in the real world is not and can never be the case.
Government back this bill. I support to farmers
Frustrated political leaders,  got shocked, when they heard the Prime Minister's decision. They came to know that they have finally lost the battle. Feeling very much proud of you PRIME MINISTER JAGATPITA NARENDRA MODIJI. Looteronka khel khatam ho gaya.
Modi govt should compensate loss of lives of our 700 farmers..#RIP
One more thing. Big corporates have money and capacity to hoard while farmers don't. They will buy at less from farmers and sell at higher prices. Lose lose for farmers and consumers but win win for corporates.
Here none of them gave an authentic reason why they are protesting...these are political leader not farmers...
Only when you sweat in the fields will you know the value of the labour of the farmers. People living in AC accomodation should try and dirty their hands and then talk.
This has been a serious matter of concern since the BJP started ruling India. The concern is - freedom of expression by the people of India and opposition parties. BJP has been arresting opposition leaders whenever they tried to meet victims in any matter. Hathras gangrape, farmers's murder, journalists murder or any such case. Supreme Court has not been doing it's duty properly it has been overlooking a lot of matters. India is no more a democratic country.
U explained the bill in detail and u dnt explain properly why farmers are protesting if it's for their betterment.just gave opinion farmers are scared about loopholes..which is kinda like half info or truth.research more..in my opinion ur channel has been still biased subconsciously over many issues.
We want a hindi movie on farmers protest.
Sudhir Chaudhary honestly this time Mr. Modi has to bow down in front of the farmers (anndaata).
This law is not for Sikh community or exclusively for Punjab state of India. This law is applicable to all farmers from all states in India.
Why farmers not been allowed to protest.?
Hame economic samaj nahi aati, par ham jante Hain ki Bharat ke 67 percent log directly or indirectly farmer Hain. To jara socho inki vikash Bharat ka vikash Hain.
An issue most Indians know and hate. But will those living in Punjab realize their state is becoming more and more irrelevant as they continue to make bad choices? It isn't the breadbasket of India anymore and the divisive politics isn't helping. I hope people read what the farm laws were and why it was a comfortable solution to a problem exponentially growing
Wake up people,I ask all of you who are against the farm bill that what reading have you all done of your own before making that conclusion.If you think msps are going to be removed because dhruv rathee said it then here you are,he blatantly lied about it.Doosron ko andh-bhakt bolne wale khud kabse andh-bhakt ban gaye kisi youtuber ke.If you believe in what others say then i am sorry to say that you all believe in what we call secondry proposition. 
12. On Feb 2021, Supreme court of india created an farmers expert committe of experts to listen to greviances but farmers unions
i am modi supporter, but if farmers are not happy with these 3 bills. i support farmers first in place of modi.
Thank you Trevor Noahfor atleast making a video on our farmers situation...lots of love from India and Indian farmers...
Fifty times yeh video dekha mainay...jio 100 saal beta with ur.maa baap....salute to all farmers 
Thanks God for saving our farmers from this evil power.
Modi should be thrown out of power immediately.
IN THE FIRST LOOK , BILL SEEMS GOOD FOR FARMER . BUT WHEN WE WILL GO IN DETAIL AND ONGROUND REALITY OF THIS BILL , ITS GOOD FOR CORPORATE . ACTUALLY IN OUR NATION , GOVERMENT LEAVES 'LOOPHOLES' IN THE BILL FOR THE BENIFITS OF CORPORATE HOUSES. THEY HAVE COUNTRY'S BEST LEGAL TEAM BUT STILL BILL'S COME WITH LOOPHOLES.  EVERY GOVERNMENT DO THE SAME MISTAKE FROM LAST 70 YEARS IN INDIA, EVEN CONGRESS , BJP AND OTHER LOCAL PARTIES ALSO.    ---JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN
Still our Farmers are protesting 
Farm bill ke ware meh 1st class kanha hey mam. Link dal do plz.
These reforms are very necessary for Indian farmers, these same bills have been in discussions in parlament since 2003,  finally we have a govt that is being able pass these bills,
I think u r unable to justify this bill because u also know theory not practical if u know then must aware of that farmers also able to sell outside mandi even without the introduction of this bill  next do ur homework properly
I support  FARMERS PROTEST from ITALY, your Pakistani VEER 
Make more more videos because godi don't show reality of farmers
sir i have idea about farm bill start up and dense startup can i help u sir even textile and other sectors too and i can help u
What India needs is birth control. No one can live on a two acre farm. Most farms in the US where I live are in the upper hundreds of acres. Such scale is needed or farmers will be impoverished. India needs to shore up land titles and allow the easier sale of land so properly sized farms can form
If rest of India cud live without subsidies, Punjab farmers can too.
Modi ji ye log to khalistani or desht rohi the kissan thodi na the to fir q ghar jane de rahe hai oh acha ab samjh aaya UP mein election hai na
Did you forget to mention that Greeta tweeted a toolkit which supported Khalistan considered to be terrorist in India ??
Thank you so much Trevor that you covered this issue. I hope we get more international support because the government doesnt seem to be interested in repealing the laws. Also, the mainstream media is sold, spreading government propaganda. So many Indians are misinformed about the protests.
-Why only farmers of handful of states are protesting against the bill out of 28 states and 8 UTs?
Thank you sir for your informative video,,if india wants to grow the GDP ,we have to focus on Farmers ,India is destroyed by politics and  media,
Modi government ko action lena chahiye joo Bharat ke against jaye. 
Poor farmers with poor cars protesting in a low income country USA, and most of them belong to poorest state in India in terms of agriculture punjab
FCI has not built enough well developed storage houses, packaging, transportation setups where farmers can hire those services so that they can sell their products to prospective buyers when there is a right price for their end-products. 
This is the biggest protest ever recorded in history till now. And it's fuckin true. Pls support farmers, we eat food just bcz of them, remember that.
Only some modi bhagts and others those don't wont democratic n peace in the country are against
under State APMC Acts for decades e.g. PepsiCo in Punjab, West Bengal, SAB Miller in Haryana
If Modi is with farmers he could have just amended the act with making MSP has mandatory....rather than saying we have brought new act which Congress didn't do.....all Gujarati business mind.... people are so dumb they keep choosing him again....look at the prices today...500Rs gives you 5kg vegetables...950Rs cylinder... people voted for BJP should have thinked twice 
We consumer pay MRP maximum retail price to corporate sector but our government can't even make sure we get MSP minimum support price which is not our profit. It supports only our expenditure for sowing that crop hardly and money for next crop.
The protest have more than one dimension . The principal reason is the fear that the new lagislation would lead to abolution of msp. There have been verbal assurance that the msp will countinue but the govt is unwilling to make it statutory provision .as it is just an administrative fiat. But now i feel very comfertable to see farmer unit and i have proud to all my brother sister who are move forward without flinched in this tumultuous time. Now modis govt. has totly lost its credibilty . All community are get together and by this unity farmers definitly get their rights . We all people should rise to against modi otherwise they gonna to make all peoples life miserable . The dectetership will going to end very soon.
Done Punjabi farmers win. India lost.
modi chicha election haar rahe the 
Did u see there flags...which are the khalistani flag which means they want to make a country for Shiks in the state of punjab....which is sopported by pakistan and china
People should see this as a tradeoff. Long term ecological damage vs 1.4 billion people starving right now. The obvious choice is the first one. The green revolution has had both miraculous and terrible consequences. The hope is that as long as people are fed, they can be more productive, and as the economy develops and advances India can move away from agriculture. If this doesn't happen, then there will be a humanitarian crisis in India.
That is what the reforms were to change but vested interests stopped them. The new laws would have opened a new path with some people switching to non subsidized and non monoculture farming. Same as weaning of addiction (for punjab has another meaning), but they stopped the intervention.
Why cant all customers buy directly from Farmer's wheat and rice from villages on Sunday market win-win situation for farmers and customers. All surplus food from a state farm produce can be sold to a farmer Cooperative that will sell in other states.
Is Modi Ji your friend??? He is ours PM dude....show some respect...he is almost double the age of yours. Atleast adress with Mohi ji inplace of Modi
It is heart warming, at the same time heart breaking to see our farmers standing united against the apartheid govt, which is nothing but a mere puppet of international mega mafia families.  I am sorry but, it is no use protesting on the road.  It is smarter to know their strategy, think like them.  They don't give two hoots for farmers or people of this nation.  It would be more smarter if the farmers change the tactice and organize against the seemingly invincible as well as invisible enemy and do the unthinkable.  Build your own market.  Think out of the box, unite, organize build your own empire.  Apmc can this time stop being the exploiter and help farmers come up with an effective alternative instead of just wasting time and resources on futile protest.  Help farmers kill those desi mulimillionares (local goons like ambaani adaani etc.) and  muliinational megalomaniac monsters who will never rest until they buy all of the land of India.  And yes they plan ahead of 100's of years, and they have resources and patience to wait it out.  We hardly have any chance against them.  Give them the same thing back, patience, determination, and a well thought out plan.  Come up with a sustainable strategy.
It is suicide for poor farmer who will be benefited by these three laws .
1. MSP(Minimum support price) should not be done away with -  Govt. will continue with MSP
Agriculture should become non-profit cooperative business model, by assuring basic income for all farmers and having control of the land through cooperative setup.  This will eliminate corporates who want to become rich and who dont want to be regulated... India is a poor country, we should have regulation in everything  and all Industries should become non-profit cooperative business enterprise model like AMUL and AAVIN.   #CooperativeSocialism   is the way to go...
Farm bills wapis lo,
whole protest was funded. and those died are fools  bcz they killed  their own family bvz of some leaders . and the ldeaer who's son alllegedly kill farmers was attacked by mob whivh lynched two workers by hitting by road on his head untill he died . btw that leader's party sweap all 7/7seats  that too  by big margin. bcz lakhimpur kheri is a very peacefull area which they made on dirty headline. and common peaople know who they have to vote.
Sound  wisdom  of  Honorable Modi ji  and  kingdom of  farmers  , difference between both  one  can  judge  who is  realized  only  seeing the  country  situation  ll
Half of these people have very limited information about farmers issues and new laws. Please get yourself educated on issues having huge impact on our country. 
Americas largest protest against Police brutality, Sars protest in Nigeria, Iraqis against Corruption, Russian people protest against the arrest of Alexie Navalny and now India catching up..
Again a wrong understanding of new farm laws, the laws just gives farmer one more option through which he can now sell his products anywhere he wishes inter states, intra state, private govt etc. Earlier farmers were only allowed to sell in govt markets only in their district.
Every Indian should be proud...who thinks they fought for  themselves should learn about the effects of the bills on consumers.. farmers fought for consumers.
Good explanation of Farm Bill's 2020!!
Furthermore, with the unarguable evidence of violence during these "protests" (attacking police, destroying public and private properties, physically attacking people with opposing views not only in India but also overseas, etc), the involvement of and the solidarity with certain terrorist movements, and the sheep-herding carried out by big/rich farmers who had unambiguous political motives as well as direct stakes in the mandis, it became abundantly clear that this movement had no legitimacy any more, if at all to begin with.
Well, a good explanation, but putting a mandatory msp is not a solution. For example, if people reduce their cereal intake in next 5 years, but the msp remains same, the buyer would be obligated to buy a commodity that is no longer in demand. This also kills innovation at farmer's end and disincentives them to move on to a crop in demand. Take punjab for example. All and all, instead of putting msp, govt must setup/strengthen a strong anti competitive body to watch over market manipulation and this it can protect farmers from unfair prices.
It's not easy for government to take tough progressive decisions while opposition parties going against it and misleading farmer community for political reasons. However, this brave government, amid serious opposition,was able to do one great thing in its first year - the Abrogation of Article 370. This was a thing which no government at centre had the courage to do in last 70 years.
Madam, it seems your research is one sided. I am from a farmers family and I know that farmers can sell their products to anyone if they are getting better price. Its not like they have any compulsion to go to the Mandis. But why do the farmers go to the mandis? They go because they dont get such corporate customers every time waiting for them to buy their products. 
First u(bjp n rss,modi govt) targeted muslims now Singh's farmers ...Whole nation already in hell
where is our country heading to? save India and Indian farmers! 
I am guessing but i think the government should protect its farmers from capitalism. Food is non negotiable. So many factors affect farming so losing this sector of the economy is death to the whole country. Stand strong or food prices will escalate beyond peoples income. Even in Europe we subsidise farmers food is life, how can the government be so stupid. Oh i know GMO's. follow the money people.
Rakesh tikat is done with his politics.
support the farmers
Farmers are real ruler of INDIA 
I support Farmers.....
IMHO, Mr. Modi should have addressed those sitting on dharna and explained the root cause of bringing the laws and how they benefit all. IMHO, he made a huge mistake by not addressing them timely..repealing the laws now is harakiri for India.
Modi g must ammended the law to participate only those people in elections who are at least graduate.
The independent farmers in UK need to be protected from the big industrialist companies
I find essential commodities (amendment) bill 2020 unfruitful. The govt may play into the hands of corporates, as the current govt. is highly pro- corporate.
Save India. Save farmers 
Farm bill gives more selling options to farmers instead of just taken advantage of by mandi brokers.
Accha hua kisaan ko marna hai to govt kya kare no need to do any reform for farmers
thanks brother for standing with farmers 
Even in theory free market in agriculture will be disaster.  Because markets are never "free". Free Market is fairly tale. Markets are either oligopoly or increasingly in case of india Monopoly. So to say that in theory these laws are good is laughable.  Just check condition of US small farmers.
Congress ruled the country for more than 65 years and they did nothing to upgrade archaic laws! It has taken 55 years for the country to come-up with new laws for farm sector. When the relevance of a political party becomes low, resistance to any change is obvious. Now it is the role of state governments to ensure MSP for small growers as PM has repeatedly made clear that existing MSP is untouched and in fact there is delta increase. Since majority of states are under BJP, those states should take a leaf out the book and protect small / marginal farmers ! In fact economists have lauded governments' initiatives! If the Congress desires to consolidate itself as a political force, it should work with government as a constructive opposition but should stop opposing every law for the sake of being in opposition !!
Madam ji there are no laws in place to safeguard the farmer private companies will use every tactic to get maximum profits if they get control of farming sector . This is from government point .
We don't have rich relatives in Foreign like Punjab farmers do and they are claiming that they are poor.
These farm laws do nothing except increase the number of options for a farmer to sell it's produce!
Very well explained in a language any common man on the street can understand if he has the will to understand with ope n mind without political pulls.On simple principles of economics,l do not see much on which ground the farmers are hooked up to protest.The bills appear by &large to benefit the basic farmer who should not have much ground to protest ..The middle man is protesting since his black earnings will come under tax laws .But.  any ambiguities can be discussed &ironed out.The BICHOLIAS by protesting are creating problems for a larger part op population.They must come forward to the discussion table&resolve problem ,they must know the govt is not their enemy but it has to protect every single souls interest.
Indian farmers union win cg of India
Dhruv:- Welcome to India farm bills protest.
4)The bills ensure that the farmer can enter into contract with a party and will gets  agreed price for his crops, so that farmers could survive beyond govt support by farming  commercially lucrative crops.
It's not that I am against it but going forward bills' cons and loopholes should be properly discussed and place suitable checks to ensure it doesn't become another failure like GST bills which brought down the economy even if govt blame it on Corona and millennials:)
These "experts" with 3 examples are smarter than the thousands of farmers who are protesting. 
Good to see the unity. Tight slap on GODI MEDIA FACES, BHAKTS and the Useless Bjp government. Shamed Internationaly.
Incorporating these changes , please make a video on what all problems people have with the Farm bill .Make an update on this topic . Thank you .
Are farmers protesting new bills because of MSP not included?
Main thing is right to get msp for rice and wheat and pusles  at least 10-15 rs per kg and pds shd b raised to 10 kg per person per month or 40kgs per family to all ie 3.36lk crs must b kept aside ir 140cr x10kgs x12mths 20rs ie 3.36lk crs must b kept by as food security of the nation another 10kgs must b provided as protein subsidy to each person ie another 3.36lk crs with immediate effect and farmers allowed to sell thr products against to shops from wr off takes can happen in each village and cities with govt intervention for distribution and storage providing 400rs per person shd b made a fundamental right to life per month when these bstrds get 80-5lakdh as payment for doing shit
I live in state of Maharashtra. I spent my childhood reading news about Suicides by cotton Farmers.
First this man has to explain how he felt its deafeat for the farmer which they never had the ability to prove 
All protest is held by those people who miss guiding farmers about the law they are saying that government is closing mandii and private players can choose the minimum price this protest is just because pf confusion between farmer and gov and those who said they are leaders of farmer they got money to misguiding farmer and please don't interfere in our country matter we can handle it as we are handling if from centuries 
Countries like India And Pakistan are depending on their farmers
I appreciate all the farmers those who are participating at the protest in Delhi today, I  always support you
And you think those poor farmers can spend money on diesel n sell there product in different cities?
The farmers perspective seems to be incompletely captured in this video
Welcome the decision. Let PM should support farmers to live with respect.
When i see persons who do not know the ground reality..i get broken into pieces..i support farmers
The video is filled with Energy !!!!! I didnt want it to end. More power to all the farmers !! Thanks Samdish and team scoopwhoop for this masterclass video.
If small farmers could not sell their  products in the open market, he can always sell in the mandis. Majority of the small farmers might prefer mandis as well. Then where is the question
It's only our farmers who has defeated even the mighty Modi and his puppets and once again proved that India is a farmers nation
2: This year suppose farmers get good price for Tomato  and Cauliflower .. Next year lots of farmers opt to cultivate these two items..we had good climate , rain and  cultivation. Because of this,  price went down sharply than production cost and even farmers does not get the price to collect and delivery.. Because of that farmers chose to let it decay in the farm itself .. How current system tackle the issue..
Kuch bhi....ye city k log kya jaante h kisano k baare me....if these laws are so good about farmers...why are the farmers themselves protesting... they know what will help them or not....don't tell me opposition party are behind it. Everybody know the position of opposition in India. They are simply not capable of such a large protest.
My heart bleeds to see old aged farmers in such atrocities. I'll never waste food away.
USA has 3 million farm owners to feed their entire population & also export crops globally. Since India has 3x less land than USA, India only needs 1 million farm owners. Currently India has 150 million farm owners. We do not need so many farm owners in India. It is very inefficient. ~ 
The best alternative is to leave it to the free market to decide the best price for farmers and also the best crop they should produce. Handholding will not produce lazy and uneconomical farmers. Farmers of today may not have bargaining power but they are no longer the uneducated and ignorant masses of yesteryears.
The laws are right. So are the farmers. Hence the deadlock.
more people need to see what this pakhandi baba stands for...if he was so godly, he wouldn't misrepresent the plight of the farmers, and dog whistle that it is a problem with a specific 'ethnicity'/'group' of people, farmers all over the country are negatively affected by government policy and the three bills, this guy is a sham, watched his other videos and he just smiles and responds incoherent babble, typical con man
You have missed one thing. It is not compulsory for every farmer to be under contract farming. Whoever gives me a better price, I will sell it to them. Period
Ache Deen ayenge agli baar modi jyengee godi media showing them anti nationalist
Seemed like Farmers were fighting with British Raj.
We all must come together to save the respect of farmers and the future of our country
Surely in my state farmers dont give 2 fcks about law n they r not protesting. Idk really why all seems to me from Punjab n Hariyana..n im really not interested in their part of rice n vegetables. XD
* If you still think, it's an international issue and world needs to interfere. Don't just tweet -'I support farmers'. Action speaks louder than words. Ask YOUR government to stop challenging the price and allow fair price for Indian goods.* 
Ideally farmers should be able to sell directly in mandi to anyone or government in a regulated environment...well that would be possible if farmers have easier access to mandi...either with the help of technology or physical infrastructure. Also, buying or procuring should be done equally from all over India...not just few states viz Haryana or punjab
These Bill's on paper are good but as it said we should learn from our past n if we look at the execution of the  legislations we could foresee farmers being exploited by the corporate sector.
And only thing that didn't shake was indians. No free pay anymore. Rest of the farmers too need something. All freebies goes to punjab.
I support farmers......
Farmers need a teacher like you... Farmers will get their rights only if they are aware of it.
U r great sir humne socha tha aap BJP supporter hai
Modi government should accept the demands of the farmers give them there wrights every one is United against injustice..modi has no wife or kids he doesn't understand the problems of farmers and there family's
BJP , Modi bhakts, ne duba diya desh. Pathetic. Thanks for covering this.
we support my kisan brothers and  sister  and also shikh brothers
They are not farmers.
I really appreciate this guy as he didn't just told about issues but really gave good solutions. One instance I want to add about FCI as one of my friends was part of it. He was arranging lines for purchasing wheat from farmers and one guy came in front by gundagardi and asked my friend to purchase his wheat first. When my friend denied he came back in minutes with whole village as he was sarpanch and covered whole office. Finally my friend somehow saved his life by running away and later he was asked to give reason for his immaturity. 
We should unite to support farmers.
God.... I love elections 
For non-native Indian speaking on certain Indian issue who has little understanding of, I would say Trevor has did an okay job. But he missed alot at the same time. The laws are also supported by millions, there are certain groups and states who also use the opportunity to use the situation to create conflict among the people by disguising themselves as one of their own and through disinformation such Pakistan establishment using Khalistan groups or the sleepers cells from Pakistan who live as an ordinary Indians and become active when they are messaged to do so by Pak establishment. Also the laws have been passed legally, even if the government is at wrong side here which is debatable, they have done a fair job by stalling the reforms for a considerable time where they can discuss the matter and reach an amicable solution and if they still don't, they can be replaced from power without using violence with a government who supports the demands made by some farmers. I say it again, this is some farmers, not all and definitely not majority.
Govt failed. People failed. Govt failed to get awareness among the farmers. Middle agents are the culprits. Farmers in Punjab and Haryana are bound to sell their crops to the agents who played the game. Shameful India.
It seems the consumers are the ones who would be affected more than the farmers. Besides, some sort of safety is being to provided to the farmers which brings them to the positive side.
4. In case a farmer violates the contract, he is only supposed to pay what the corporate has spent in the process while if the corporate violates the contract, it is supposed to pay 100-150% fine.
3) How can the bill on Farmers Price Assurance be truly effective in the absence of a price regulatory body, so that farmers do not fall into the exploitation of big Industrialist groups ?
this is the best video which i have seen for the farm bills . all my confusions are gone now. i m thankful to both of u and highly appreciate your efforts. i feel satisfied that i have subscribed to this channel . and bhaiya u look like south india actor . handsome !
That's total trickery from Modi. How are small farmers to deal with big multinational companies ..
These farmers has forgotten the Flag that they have raised on Red fort.
This report does not explain what the problem is .. all I know is that farmers are protesting against new laws, and private market, but doesn't go into detail.
Up and Punjab election is coming hahaha dont fool Indian and farmers
This new reform is giving a new hope that farmers condition will be better than now , so why do not they take this as trial basis if it will prove to be helping them then they must accept it , waise bhi abhi bhi unki halat achi nhi hai so let us try a new reform.
Indians remember republic day kisan at red fort. Tikait & others don't go to farmers committing suicide in Maharashtra, Is it because not getting any fund for going there & is congress ruled state???????????
ALL THIS FUSS IS CREATED BECAUSE OF CONFUSION, THIS BILL IS NOT TOUCHING MSP OR APMC, ALSO MSP IS BENEFICIAL FOR BOTH FARMERS AND THE GOVT. SO GOVT WILL NEVER REMOVE MSP.
There are lot of Benefits to the farmers they just cut the rich middle men who exploit farmers these are rich middmen who are protesting
I Always Love Trevor  Noah gets views by talking about countries he knows not much about. and Indians supporting him because he is a comedian.( he must know everything).
The India Modi government is a black truth.  Which is leading India to the path of darkness ..?
I think he will bring the laws back after election with some modifications
These bills are not for farmer empowerment
umm only punjab farmers are protesting not of the whole country nd why such a coverage? its some sikhS who want a separate state, khalistan, proof, they fking bring down the Indian flag on the red fort(its old, imp where the PM host the national flag every year). Also the system you have now is what the present govt is trying to achieve. You should also cover greta thunberg TOOLKIT, GEORGE SOROS and how the govt has held continuous meetings with farmers to resolve this. 
Vice media i have a question for you if u have guts and balls den think how amul and ashirvad atta is running there farmers are involved in large scale do you find them fighting? In india more than truth u will find more propaganda!!!
WEST ALWAYS PROTESTED AGAINST MSP BECAUSE IT WAS 'UNFAIR' FOR MARKET COMPETION. OUR FARMERS HAVE SURVIVAL CRISIS, BUT WEST IS FOCUSED ON PROFITS. 
Mr PM? ... if you are right then who is stopping you; to talk to not to farmers?
Amazing analysis. High time govt if it really thinks about the farmers, they should immediately implement these points out forward by this gentleman. He is not only analysed the actual problem, but has also suggested the best possible solution. Very unbiased and honest opinion 
Farmers should not be poor. They feed us. Without them we will starve.
Bhagat Singh must be proud of our farmers. Inquilab zindabad.
When u listen punjab u find them sweet and when u find Haryana to vo hasatey h sab ko .... amazing both
Bassi , Zakir Khan are legends in stand up comedy... And these Indian medias are legends in Sir Down Comedy
We stand with farmers protest
Please dont shair wrong information madam! At first, that is not mandatory for farmers to sell their their crops in APMC; They can sell their crops anywhere all over India and any person! Though some State can regulate to selling crops in another state, bt cannot forced! So according to APMC act farmers have options to sell their crops either APMC or local market! But new act abulish APMC term! 
Hey I am statistics students so I am decide to project on this topic this Bill's acts seriously beneficial for farmers or not I make analyse on this topic and gives many predictions this prediction are helpful for farmers but I don't know how am I collecting data so u have any idea plz share ideas me plzzz... this is really helpful for me and my project makes effective......
Repeal Black Laws !  Love you Farmers Love you !  Priestess Hannah Of The Goddess That Dances With Her Brother The SUN In Order to make, create and produce ALL FRUITS, LEGUMES and VEGETABLES and which you harvest with your hands Loves you...politicians should wash your hands for you help Build Civilization....EYE LOVE YOU ! Without Food, Eve Eye cannot DANCE !  Eye Love You ! 1:07
Govt shud buy the produce directly from farmers and sell it with profit to corporates.. Everyone wins!!
What bullshit...he supports in parliament and rejects in front of kisan ...
14:54= farmers are only giving option to go not compulsory
Note that the peasant movement of Punjab, in which the green flag is hoisted with the slogan of Pakistan Zindabad, the anti-national slogans by putting pictures of Khalistani terrorists, "had blown Indira Gandhi, Modi will also blow" ...   Such calls are being made (All this can be seen on YouTube.)
Farm law would have helped those farmers but we can't get away from these laws ourselves
Section with the reason why farmers are protesting is absolutely right, BUT the truth about the middlemen in APMC is totally wrong, example of onion is wrong, In APMC , no one can purchase crops below MSP, so it is false to say that a middlemen buys onion at 10rs,and sells at 100.middlemen nevers buys anything, it is the FCI that buys crops from farmers with the HELP of those middlemen(commission agents).so the way modi govt says  bicholiye hta diye jayenge gives a feeling of good intentions to people not connected to farming, but those connected to farming know the truth.
For farmers to survive they need to be more diverse and treat it like any other business.
Why don't you show video before violence where farmers were crushed by car bias media dalal media
UPSC aspirants have to be logical. Flowing in such emotions can't make you a civil servant. Better than opposing or supporting we should discuss everything from MSP to processed food industry. 
nearly 90% of students who were going to attempt jee, neet, compartment exams are protested on twitter that we dont want to write exams in this pandemic but governement conducted exams and now farmers are protesting , i can see the future of bjp
I feel pity for the police they should join the farmers, so that it would have a greater impact on the government
I wont be agree as reliance is such a big company it can easily offer more money to the farmers for years (like how it did in the telecom industry) and that way the APMC will just die out.
The main problem comes with farmers literacy. Educated youth need to take initiative to educate the farmers around them. It will not be a one day show, it's a simple but effective initiative.
Vice why only punjabi are in the video is only punjabi people are farmers in india??
All these farmers are old. How they work in there fields. Every state have farmers. They have not come here.
Let this be spread all over the world so that the conservative govt. Soon withdraw these black farm bill ,if not by will than by our peasant revolt..
The farm laws were  good for the small farmers and hurt the middleman and corruption.
 Now that if farmers have choice to sell outside mandi , don't you think traders have also the same choice? 
Today 56" Look Small In Front Farmers ,,,,, Hats Off To Our Countries Farmers To Tackle This Hitlerism Govt. 
For a change, why don't you move your focus from Farmers to us Salaried Middle Class? Draw out policies and mechanisms that help us make some money and save some money. Enough of this thing about farmers, armed forces, women, SC, ST etc.
Now here we are. love you Punjabio and all other state farmers too for their contribution.
I have done my LLB in Germany. You explained everything very well but there are farmers who keep protesting in Germany because there is no MSP. Farmers are being pressurized by private sector as there is no MSP. Farmers are getting the lowest rate. There should be a MSP on every product
The great farmers we salute you. 
Moreover, small farmers form FPOs in every state. This is not 1950 or 60s.
I am farmer from India  we farmers are fully supports new laws i am selling my crops in mandis from 10 year's ,mandis are the worst places  only commission agent's trader's are protesting.
MSP is minimum support price  ... bought by government....  the APMC does not guarantee MSP 
The minority of Punjabi, haryana farmers won. But India lost...
Farmer is the backbone of countries economy
Sir , after watching this video i am commenting with heavy heart that , govt should not have taken out the 3 farm bill. 
The farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers just like rest of states in india.  and the farmers are not only from jaat or jat  caste or farmer are from all castes,, there are  pundits, Brahmins , and Dogar , Jats, and Jaat  farmers. These  Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany, Adnany . These big companies are controlling Modi. These bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and export to other countries. This will cause food shortage in India,because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, and Modi needs to be removed from his throne. 75% of india is farmers, and 80% of those are small farms with 2 or 3 acres.
There were many attempts by centre throughout the October to invite the gov & farmer's delegates of Punjab to resolve the issue yet everytime the offers were rejected. The contemptuous opposition & psedo-liberals didn't left a single opportunity of scaremongering that the Bills will revoke MSP as it's not been mentioned in bill. Firstly, the bills have nothing to do with MSP so why it is ought to be mentioned in it. Secondly MSP never had legal backing which is claimed by opposition; they are lying and kudos to those who are believing them! Furthermore centre is reiterating that MSP will be continued as it is. The bill is just providing an alternate way to farmers to trade other than in Mandies. Please don't mislead people for your vested interests or merely because your ideology doesn't align with someone else's.
I have a story about a farmers son that i met abroad. if you stoned and got nothing to do then here it goes in short.
The urge for becoming victorious in the ensuing assembly election in UP has ultimately forced Modiji  to withdraw the most vicious Farm Act.This move by Modiji is a timely calculated act and not out of sympathy to the
You never will know  all ascepts of agriculture from books.... As you are not farmer ....just by growing mint in flower pot
I see some rational people who understood the fact that these laws were indeed important to bring reforms in Farming sector , where were you , if we were united and fought against political forces this wouldn't have happened
The end of Rakesh tikait career by N D modi
hence the ( mainly small farmers)  will get no profit...
This Highway is not Blocked by Farmers, they are stopped by the government for entering Indias Capital Delhi. Please correct your fact Vox.
NON VIOLENCE WINS...CONGRATULATIONS INDIA...Thank you FARMERS..THANKYOU QND RESPECT TO OUR BROTHER WHO GIVES THEIR LIEF FOR THIS..LOVE YOU ALL..
A fair deal to farmers can be by way of having shares in the stock/grains holding company so that both can take advantage of escalation of produced goods...alternatively farmer unions can build a store house using public private model....Important for any model to succeed is leadership should be of highest integrity....we lost true leaders that's why we are in mess....time we realize importance of leaders like Ram Rahim...Aasa Ram...and other prominent grass root leaders who have been silenced due to petty reasons...which are even not proven...."Do not destroy what you cannot create"
Whatever people say (yeay I do agree Hindustan me sare steps Election oriented hi the)  yet a great step by Government Of India, it was getting more sensitive issue. Thanx to PM of India
Nobody is asking them to live there.....that is their choice......this is not a protest for India......it is only for the benefits of the community of those farmers.....not even a protest for all farmers in India.
It's sad that all reporting on this issue is ignoring how Red Fort was breached on Republic Day, how anti India sentiments were given a platform, how 300 cops were injured, how blocking highways is causing inconvenience to multiple villages nearby, how only farmers from just 3 states are having issues with farm laws.
Superb teaching skills with appropriate examples. Even a lay man can understand why farmers are on roads.
      As of 5 March 2021,248 farmers have died during protest
i support these farmers
Modis thinking start where our ends, the laws will come back again may be 2023/24but the actual farmers needs to come out on street and protest 
The best part is only 4-6 % farmer get MSP and they are happy now sense less.
Truth won , democracy won , farmers won ! Jeo mere kisan Veero ! Proud of my farmers for standing tall against  wrong. Waheguru Ji can Khalsa Waheguru Ji ki fateh !
Well articulated and explained how farmers stood their ground and Gov't despite so much false propoganda are still doing agitation, hats off to them.
5- Fix the price of all goods and y-o-y increase/decrease the price based on inflation and agricultural GDP growth. Make price models for 5-10years. This will increase the farmers income.
This just 0.1% farmers who wants it to repeal
When will the politicians understand the strength of farmers in the country.
I will always support Farmers.
Great job lalantop....!!! I am from Assam ... #isupportfarmers
I hate it when western news outlets divide India into right and left wing. Yet another example of siloed behavior of the west. How can they be so narrow minded? Cant they see countries are different and they are not split the same way as the US . Also, why didnt they cover the Lok pal protests, the 10+ serial blasts in 2008 or the same farmer protests when the same changes were brought in other states of India in the last 2 decades. While I am no big supporter of either party in India (pls dont call me swinger, another American thing), I would really like if the news covered the exact policy and the ask of the farmers.
Sub divisional Magistrate's decision can be challenged in the courts. The redressal system is actaully good. Because giving the case to civil court would take time while this would take lesser than that. Govt is still negotiating with the farmers on the redressal system.
Also one fact that the video casually omits is that out of all the farmers in the country, only a  fraction are protesting. Mainly from 2 states - which already have the highest income - because they produce rice and wheat.
#FarmersProtest
I am a farmer and I am at my khet, who are they fake farmers.
.These bills will create hegemony of private industries and increase farmer's exploitation. Farmers are demanding that MSP should be compulsory for private industries so that they don't get exploited after demolition of APMC structure. These bills will only benefit industries because they can stock the commodities and can control price in market. Govt. should enact laws so that 100% produce of farmer shall be sold on or above MSP
We are farmers 
Irony is that everyone wants to be rich but they do not want farmers to be rich with the effect of farm laws
punjab wheat and paddy are very downgrade quality govv just buy that bcz of msp. and all biig farmers of punjab haryana west up just want to use this shortcut bcz only they got msp not the poor farmer who sell its crop to these wealthy farmer and they sell at msp so making misllions. dont make videos without research
The part which I didn't get was the first law as said creates parallel markets, and the one without oversight will be unjust for farmers, so why are the farmers leaving the mandi market in the first place? Watch from 5:08
Rename the title into " punjab farmer protest", all other states have no concern at all. Its a good bill.
3. Farmers still get to choose 
*We are the farmers and we vehemently oppose the bill. This is not a political statement , it's a logical one.*
instead of some debating and discussing facts with farmers to bring more clarity  he is just laughing
Brilliant Walkthrough since start of farmer protest. Lot of effort to collate timeline based events
U have ask the question with Kisan.. Now go & ask questions with BJP culprit minister. .. If  there is Journalism left in your SOUL...
Even if I support this, I find it astonishing that the Sikh community only rally now that modi is hurting Sikhs. What about the muslim community the BJP have been terrorizing. If your against tyranny, be against ALL types, not only stand up for those you sympathize with
Agri reforms acha tha but jese implement karna chahiye tha wese nhi kiya. 6 din me itna bada reforms nhi hota. Unko pehele farmers, agricultural economist and agricultural experts se baat karke reforms lao fir parliament me pass karo ye kya tarika hota hai.
Congress for Farmers
The punjabis pushed Alexander the Great out of punjab who is a Modi to us
Modiji what faith I had in you and how you have ruined this country and destroyed the middle class step by step
The only solution is to legalised MSP, nobody can purchase below MSP, either in APMC or Outside APMC..
U can learn example of this bills in Australia and USA where in USA 145 billion NPA on farmers due to this system others hand this country are well educated then indian illiteracy in farming sectors specially in rural sector
He says sorry after so much of damage made to the economy. Now for 5 State elections he fear and repeal. Worst PM than Chandrasekar.
Great reporting from ground zero...bravo ! And hats off to the undaunting spirit of our farmers!
Why is it ok for govmnt and police to do baton charges and fire teargas when the route was originally approved?   Then farmers were blocked.
Repeal the 3 black farm laws India.
#StopWatchingGodiMedia
@vice now let see if you make video where farmers protest is hijacked by Khalistan movement, where they want to do the insurrection. 
Its best to tax the farmers after giving them the MSP they are asking
But those Farmers are protesting against this Act, because there is also no Provision of MSP,
Wow, brother, this is most fact based video I have seen about farmer protest.
Farmers are grate, they are fighting for every citizen of the India.
Modi government do bad black laws in indian farmers & minority people . people are safaring .
U forgot to mention a very basic point Of MSP disadvantage. If there is no MSP, prices will be determined by demand and supply. Obviously monopoly will be created by big corporates. Only in short term, farmers will get so called fair price, it will be worse than before in future.
Pakistan stand with sikh  Farmers.
This sad day for majority farmers. Please do not terminate FBO. And hope bring some good for farmers again.
APMC mandis have largely outlived its utility in most states in India except Punjab and Haryana, but since farmers from these regions are richer they can afford to protest for long, but they are stoping the reforms for EVERY state not just themselves.
Rich middlemen took over the protest and there is no one but media to blame they knew exactly what the truth was but decided to make money from TRP in name of farmers.
from seller and buyer each 8.5% . These new 2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell 
Many Big farmers in India have bonded labourers in their field and they are talking about rights. Hypocrisy.
4. Lack of Money as Farmer's have a Piece of Land and Cattle to Live upon
A big THANK YOU to our beloved farmer brothers and sisters.
Their will always be benefits to corporates not to farmers & consumers coz 1) The farmers are not educated enough to deal with corporates & their strategies.2) Since Min prices are not set the corporate will tell the farmer X that farmer Y is giving us eg Onions  for Rs 5/-kg and for 5yrs this way the X will be forced to make contract deal otherwise he cant sell those huge qty alone in market 3) After taking the onion for 5/- they can sell upto what price ? Thats also is not set in the bill they may sell at any price by manipulation of cost price, storage, packing, distribution etc by making papers & thats very easy 4) The biggest companies like Reliance will do a monopoly coz they have huge capabilities to capture market like Jio other all companies fell down if that happens after some years they will rule the market 5) The farmers cannot go to courts as per new bill for any disputes
Sir good analysis.  It is badly introduced , good laws.  Politics killed the laws in the name of ambani n Adani. Pl suggest how these laws can be modified to help the farmers.  Let the farmers be benefitted at the end.  This MSP is helpful only to punjab n haryana kasaan. Hence entire india did not support. Highly funded agitation , so it could last longer.
Congratulations all farmer of country 
Farmers are backbone of country
The Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020,
Lets cut these professionals salaries starting 2022 - lets see how they would feel.   Farmers are asking for basics - if a bag of chips has MSRP why not the food that farmers grow!!  70% of farmers have less than 10 acres - are they sophisticated enough to negotiate with large corporations? How is that fair?  India is not suppose to be an authoritarian regime. Support Farmers!
I really want vice to interview actually punjabi and haryana farmer on singhu border not some clown in America.
Imagine seeing a new farmer group(the real farmers) now protesting to reintroduce these 3 farm laws
We all should think beyond this socialistic Kerala model. We are surfing because of remittance from Gulf and hardworking Malayalis outside the state. We should think of a liberal, open market...which will drive growth and employment. Manmohan Singh was shouted down by these leftists when he freed up the license raaj. Bureaucracy and license raaj in agriculture has only killed these farmers. It's time to empower them.  We have surplus rice and wheat only to be thrown into the sea... we should aim higher with market driven demand and prices and healthy competition in farming. This is second 1991 moment.. It's now or never.Jai Hind
That's the ques : Why are Farmer's Protesting
bhai samdish ek aur episode toh bnta hai farmer protest pe
the journalist is kinda nervous about "the violance". did she ever stopped to consider that dispossessing farmers to the benefit of corporations involves violence?
Thx VOX .... Really it was short and clear... But you should have also included the government side of the plan with much more detail... The concern that the private sector will directly influence by storages or map, but even if I pay 10-30 INR 1 bundle for spinach (depending on season).... End of the day farmers are getting only 20 INR for kg of spinach.....
Stop calling them farmers!! They are Terrorists!! 
Dhruv why don't government buy produce from farmers on msp and then private firms can but it from government
We indians stand with our farmers
Literally getting Goosebumps. This is my nation and this is our culture.What a spirit.I was biggest fan of sachin from childhood but I don't care now.You people are my real idol.We got independence from British due to selfless sacrifice of thousands and we would have got it earlier if boot licking celebrities didn't exist that time.Jai kishan
Indian farmers 
Even after lakhimpur khiri these people voted back bjp..what was the point of that protest..i supported u guys..leirs & actors everywhere
In 2nd bill,it is said that big farmers are left to open and free market and Govt wants to get out of agri business...but MSP is still there right?if those farmers doesn't like the price at such situation in market,then they can opt for MSP right?
Comparison of India and USA / 60% and 3% farming dependant population, respectively...
Farmers are selling tomatoes onions for 1rs per kg and we are purchasing them for 20 rs you decide whom this current system is profiting and I think  free market may help farmers get their fare share of price cause free market can't have lower price than msp if farmer has a choice between APMC and free market.  And clearly if msp and frp were helping farmers why farmer is suffering so much.
true kisans are too overrated sometimes I feel that India is left behind because of this fool kisan of India other countries like China and us has the same law we Indians will be always be behind because of this kisans 
Why only sikh represent farmer. Common Indians are farmer too
all indian with you modi ji ..... bill is best for india ....
I don't know who won, farmers or modi but definitely India won. How?
Now there is a gathering outside my house supporting the farmers. They don't have masks
According to the thumbnail you didn't address the Farmer's concerns.
you are fooled by the big corp and the USA. Seed must belong to the farmer just like the traditional way that the farmer collecting and  maintaining seed.
The new farm laws just say that the farmers can now sell their produce to the Private corporations instead of government.They can also sell it to government and MSP is also not waived.It will remain the same.
Brilliant Presentation. Needs to be shown on TV and Media all over Country. Buy from local Farmers Directly. No need to let ANYONE exploit us anyways. Cheers!!!
Gov should listen farmers Ram ram
But since there are "rogue" farmers , that are running "Khalistan" retoric or "break india" retoric , they are trying to keep this protest going for no arguable reason when government has given full freeedom, 
Up and punjab election coming
I have a suggestions to this 3 bills, government should implement minimum support price for all items produced for all india basis, so that the farmers will not feel exploitation anymore.
I love all farmers they want their rights shame on goddi government
This is where big landlords got interests damaged leading their farmers to resist a bill that will make both of them lose bargaining power in front of private companies.
Govt. wanted to stop the suicidals , and poor living conditions of farmers. Govt. will not stop any subsidies or procurement through FCI, nor ration system. And all 138 crore people cannot depend on ambanis mall for buying rice and foodgrains. 
Modi ji is just covering up his failure. It's time for Him to introspect and retrospect
Now they would force protesting farmers to go back home. And if they continue to stay until new laws like mandatory MSP aren't approved. Then they make a scene that "these" farmers are against Modi or what not, to make his image as a good person. 
Reason : govt. Ignored discussion over bill, ignored opposition, ignored farmers, tortured farmers by quoting them khalistani, propoganda by media, trying stand middle class against farmer. Every reform looks better on paper it depends upon practically implementation and gaining trust of farmer. Failed at gaining trust of farmer due to egoist behavior of PM. And party
Farmer leader's point about MSP is cent percent right
And the 'farmer' with a birth right to farming will be united by sectarian identity, to retain their violations,
Take Sikhs away from India, Pashtuns away from Pakistan, both of them countries will fall.
Please appreciate them...ye dhruv toh nhi hai jo bas BJP aur modi karte hai ...
Salute to the great sardars of India specially the Punjabi community ! 
I am an indian and a son of farmer also..I am totally against Farmer protest
Govt wants to get out of business coz they want easy money from pvt players by privatization ...who In turn r gonna mess farmers and all of us 
Opposing sections needn't rejoice. Punjab now will have Captain Amarinder, BJP govt ;) ... something bigger planned ?
Just like your video because of that farmer who offer you food so lovingly
Congrats to farmers and their leaders.
2) farmers never signed any agreement. 
Bro, you don't know what really happened there, firstly it was preplanned. Police stoped them to go on root which was given to them, then some groups tried to go on ring road . There was lathi charge, asu gas and many more then they replied to them. Many farmers don't know where they were going they were just following each other and they deep sidhu who was main culprit in it plays his game. When people who reached red fort get to know about it they tried to catch him and beat him but he ran away.  A farmers was shoot after than his tractor disbalanced and then they started to get violent. At palwal border, farmers were beaten very badly around 10:00AM when they just started there parade one tractor also catch fire , many were injured but nobody cares. Around 1500+ farmers were injured. 
4) The more farm product buyers (small, medium, and big corporates), means more demand for products. More demand for products means more price for farm products and more investment in the farming sectors, thus increasing the income of farmers and farmworkers and more farming infrastructure developments. 
Support to industry to set up effective supply chains that help reduce produce wastage and thus help manage price fluctuations. Just think in N. European countries you can get all the produce all  year round at a pretty consistent price and in India with a more temperate climate we persist with huge swings in supply and price. Realistically 
After this dont ask again government to Why farmers does not have right to sell their products any were in India??  This win for richer farmers and middle man
MSP ki ganiti. Tum news channel bhicholeye Ho kya phle kha the tum aaj aa gye bjp ki support karne ke liye
Politicians would have incited more violence at that place and would have increased problems for the farmers!!!
Glad to see the farmers achive their victory.
Step taken by the government to back out their decision on farmer bill is very good...
Then why this government is openly dodging them farmers?
Let's not forget that the East India Company started its colonialism by exactly this approach in the beginning... remember that indigo plants, cotton and sugarcane crops forcefully cultivated by exploiting farmers..? Nearly same thing is happening here I guess.
Pm is totally different personality on off camera  vs on cameramafi nhi sja milni chahiye 700 farmers ki death kai was well knowing that before up election they will withdraw everything even if you ask for non sense they will agree for them only election matters nothing else.
4) small farmers can wait in Que for day to see there produce in mandi for sell on MSP.
@ 3:22 It is not called Kamataka its called Karnataka for a second you had me worried that did India get another state which I did not learn about.  One more thing I haven't seen another video from Vox when there was farmers protest back in 2017 was it because it was from a different part of India ?  It is very difficult to gauge which protests and videos are politically motivated and which are not.
discuss about MSP and also the way the bills were passed....
Jesus, there is nothing good in this bill. It is only hurting the farmers, then why farmers are rejoicing for this bill. I come from a real rural background and know how APMC mistreat farmers (please read on it). Govt has given them a option to trade with corporate not made it compulsory. I understand you guys are trying your best to maintain unbiased reporting. For that don't look at every bill passed by government as some conspiracy. Things are not black and white,  it is always somewhere in middle. So i would appreciate a more balanced reporting because this what are country needs. Not reporters like arnab who keep on praising the government policies and also not like ndtv who criticize every move of the government
SAARA DOSH TERA HAI HAI, AUR AB 700 DEATHS TUMHARE NAAM HO CHUKI HAIN, IT TAKES ELECTIONS TO MAKE THINGS HAPPEN IN INDIA.
U also did not mention the concern of farmers..and Swaminathan(father of green revolution) recommendations on  Agricultural reforms and APMC reforms...
1. It's farmers will to go with contact or not. It's not mandatory to have a contract so tricking farmers is hypothetical. If you go in some contract by taking high risk for high gain then it's the contract parties headache.
Very sad to our old farmers from Punjab and other states dying on the Delhi roads. 600 farmers lost their life. These farmers fed India from generations. What is their fault? Only fault is in 1947, Instead of taking their own country they proffered to stay with India as Nehru promised them freedom. People now you can see kind of treatment India gave them.
Indian government is completely responsible for this anger. Its been more than 120 days farmers sitting on the roads. They were protesting in their states but since last 60 days they are in Delhi. But none even a single person from government care about them
Khalistanis removed our national flag and we are supporting them?? You should have acted like Rajeev Gandhi
These are not Farmers. These are Gundas . Khalistani Gundas Adhtiyas who don't know anything about these Farm Laws but protesting under the Guidance of Gunda Tikait.
what the farmers do wrong in delhi
Also vox ,If you would have looked at the very beginning , when farmers headed for Delhi(national capital) they were welcomed by breaking national highways and spraying ice cold water in this extreme winter ..... this is how good we are at handling constructive criticism
I knew that this farm bill issue is not black or white but it's entirely grey, Thanks for covering it, I would like  to show this to my friends.
Agriculture is something that should've been solved 50 years ago. It's a shame that farmers are poor and can't survive on their own. In some highly developed countries, farmers are super rich.
What is the role you think social media has played in the farmers protest ?
Protest for 3 years are you kidding me but they went to their home back like cry baby. Listen first read what is farmer bill it do not state that there will be no MSP but there will be a market where PRIVATE COMPANY can also buy from farmers. First read and then speak. 
Moreover, due to second bill  our farms might cater only foreign market and will not address local requirements.
If farmers can make some efforts towards making better deals with buyers and locking prices etc, it's a win-win situation for both farmer/consumer.
Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crops as in the product agreement, a sponsor (company) will provide farm services (including seeds). The terms and conditions of farming agreement can also be exploited by sponsors (companies) based on the time of supply, quality, grade, standards and price exploiting the loopholes in FCI standards. 
Last massgae take care issue Subject farmer.
Bihar does not have Agriculture Produce Market (APMC). Often this is quoted as an example that Bihar farmers do not get good price due to lack of Mandi system. However, in Bihar remember that delicensing of industries did not help in increasing the number or industries. Bihar has a serious governance issue. 
*Jai Kisan Jai Jawan Jai Samvidhan  Bring back Congress to restore democracy secularism and Samvidhan and thus save India  *
The rest of the country farmers are with Modi and he'll probably win the 2024 elections too.
Jab farmers ke nam per farmers leaders ke rup me rapist, murders and anti-national  lead karne lage and usaka indirect support supreme Court kare to desh hit me bill wapas lena sahi tha.
3. govt. is also not going to keep most info. about who farmers are selling, at what prices, etc.
I have supported u every time but not fully this time... It's not about any political influence... It's about the present government and some loopholes... Modi government previously promised about the gst regime but now saying covid 19 is an act of God make the states face a lot of trouble... So it's untrust worthy about the present laws made by them .... 
In APMC mandis the traders make cartel and do not allow the price of the product to go high. Then they buy the product at very less price and sell it at high cost outside.
Real fact :New farm Bill make Farmers daily labours and migrants in coming days. Salute to the farmers who braved the winters & cruelty of government.
Save farmers save the future...
You are assuming that a small scale farmer is without commonsense, and government cannot introduce laws to protect farmers from corporate exploitation. It is time to make markets larger and freer. You need to think of the consumer as well.
Thanks Noah for speaking up for the farmers  big respect for you 
To all people who are not supporting farmers and their cause, I hope they get best place in hell.
FAKE news BBC, the indian farmers are happy eating their lentils HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You should learn more about Indian farming sector before commenting on them.
These farmers are keeping the world alive and you treat them like this? Somebody has to go. Yes politicians I am talking to you.
What about poor farmers beating car driver to death? Quint why you show one side of the story ?
May Allah protect our farmers and destroy their enemies
The imperials that created this should pay for it, and the farmers too will pay, with their time, honour and commitment, as they already are in reality with their lives and families well-being. Money/funds/support needs to tsunami down tot he farming communities. It'll empower everyone if we all eat and share better crops today, and for tomorrow.
May I asked you which rule is forcing  farmers to sell their land, and APMC is not being removed, mandi will still be there for you to sell the crop. 
Dear police and army's don't do any actions aganist farmers you're our family
7. As a customer we have MRP protection and we know already everything is sold at MRP. If you compare the farm produce from India it is extremely cheap compared to global prices and I can tell you quality is just as good if not better already. With this scenario end customer prices will go up to max possible because they can. So get ready for food inflation and remember as contracts tied the farmers hands, he will not get a higher price as there wont be too much independent supply the consumer wont have a choice but  to pay. Now you will hear comparisons of our goods are still cheaper than global import prices. We will get hosed with the intermediary making a killing. 
Well done hindu and sikh farmers 
Private companies is not good for farmers
Finally to conclude it is  Unfortunate that Modiji had to repeal the Farm act.
And i think here farmers are right...
Most of facts you missed man. You forgot to mention which state farmer protesting. You should research more about the topic.
MSP has lead to exploitation of water resources in Punjab Haryana Belt. If this kept on then Punjab and Haryana will be facing desertification in the future. See ISRO's Water Table maps for yourself.
and these people wont survive without One month salary. tell them why bihar farmers are not rich.
Punjab has to go for industrialisation and let the farming done by Haryana and mp.and who is funding this protest.
You seriously think the only problem with the bill is tax acquisitionIm from a farming family and Im doing llb.These are death warrents for us.Born in a farming family and youll realise the differences
third contract farming ,, sabko iske fayde pata h but asli aur practical example h pepsi !! yes pepsi  aayi india me usne aloo ki contract farming karvayi  aur jo price decide hua that usse bhoot kam price kisaano ko diya kyu ,, kyunki aloo ka size choota tha !! aur dusra contract farming me agar aapke sath kuch galat hota h toh aap kahin koi complaint nahi kar sakte ,, aap sirf dm tak jaa sakte ho !! 
Pass the MSP bill if you want farmers to Grow
Regarding the essential commodities act, farmers in india mostly lack infrastructure to store grains, so it will be benefiting corporates only.
Tiket is next PM of india,and he will do better for all community.
Many thanks for Making a video on the Farm bill. I was trying to understand and read many articles too. But this video gave me a clear picture.
Really Impressed by this strong SIKH Community. Love the way they are supporting each other in this tough situation. Our support and best wishes from Pakistan are with you all. Keep striving for your Rights
much strenght to every farmer in india, wishing safety and success to all of you 
*Sukhbir Agro of Sukhbir had an income of at least 5000 crores annually. He was the commission agent between FCI and farmers. His company used to get 2.5% commission. All the warehouses belonged to him.* *No farmer could sell a ton of wheat to the FCI without the tag of Sukhbir Agro.*
The are not farmers the are Khalistan people
This bill was harmed congress party
3. Law allows farmers to sell for pre defined fixed rate or at market rate as per the contracts. This way farmers are safe w.r.t pricing. If the market price increases by 100% for example, then farmers can charge additional rate for their crops as per the law. 
Yee theory practical me hotanehi. Isilea company and farmers wapas agreement karenge. Kanoon pehle heyee. Naya kya?
Damn that means about 1 out of 12 humans is an Indian farmer.
If they realy care for farmers they can make changes in fram laws and cover loop holes, so that farners will be benifited. 
I am with farmer
This is Punjab farmers isue not Indian farmers isue. Free punjab.
The minimum price for the formers will never reduced government of India assured. Then private party will come to the ground. Former will get more money for their goods
Why would Farmers protest against their own freedom??
Otherwise, it is just a stunt by the sanghi capitalist government on Nanak Jayanti for UP and Punjab Elections.
Indian government littraly gone mad...it's not giving importance to farmers!
Centre enlist MSP , why the sates just can't even ensure its availability to the farmers rather than shouting 
Most of these news channels try to show farmers wrong and give fake newss . F* them all. 
If there is anything I've learned from history is that you don't fuck with the farmers.
2021 : Farmer's protest in jan feb , may god bless the rest year
In India, Diary industry, farmers getting lower price than market price for the pure milk. 
# if there is a 1% chance that apmc going to fail then what will happen to middle man they middle mans are very essential part of our economy. If they fail it will be a huge loss to Indian economy.
I am not fan any political party...but.. before Modi entrance" all party were against each other" but after Modi" I can see Modi is one Side and all political party is one side, all political parties became friends of each other"
Why can't those people understand who are supporting these 3 bills..?
Farm Laws are really good. But unfortunately the farmers of some states misguided by opposition parties indulged in unnecessary protests. One day every one will realize the blunder committed by these agitators.
love from west punjab...........   love to all kisaan brothers
Proud to ba a farmer
You hidden lot of issues that farmers facing and these 3 bills making their problems even more. Be transparent, didn't expect such kind of video from your channel
These modi bjp govt is bania based all thay can do is business only ... but real guts and hardworking are punjabi they go on border and they produce food for country ....
The farmers should wear protection while handling those chemicals
More then 137 farmers are died and Government is not listening to Farmers , Human Right volition are always again and again in India under Modi Government
till before watching this video, I was a supporter of reforms in agriculture sector, supporting the bills and thus benefit the farmers. This explanation has changed the perception about the bills. This will ultimately benefit corporates and big farmers AND put heavy burden on end users/consumers. This is a big injustice to lower/middle/high middle class people, when economy is bad and serious loss of jobs. The end result - hatred!. losing faith on government!
That's why punjab government is protesting in the name for farmers 
in punjab 80%+ farmers get benefit from MSP .. which is more then any other state
Not only  farmers and also poor consumers  will suffer
BBC! THE FARMERS HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THE GOVT TO ACT WHY DOES GOVT NOT REPEAL THE LAWS TILL THEY GET THE UNIONS ON THEIR SIDE?
These protests are political banking. Because in few days there are elections in Punjab state. Polarizing Sikh voters.
To point ye hai ki farmers ke paas negotiation power badhani chahiye .
Sir you don't know about second bill contact farming it will really harm famers and comon people's
Punjab farmers are among the richest in the country and they have the most fertile land.. and protest was going on only in 2 states and not rest of the country... farmers in other states like maharashtra, Andhra pradesh etc are way too poor.. if u want to critise please give a proper analysis of entire bill and its effect on whole of India.. Rihanna and greta posted becuz they got paid by khalistan supporters..
And I think MSP to be made a legal right, so the small margin farmers won't  get exploited by big traders.
Government must respect farmers and pay attention to their demands
I never understand that when traders can go for collective bargaining power.. why can't farmers have the same by making cooperative unions...
Now whosoever is saying that private players will exploit the farmers once APMC will fade its existence.... But don't you think how much a farmer, that too a small farmer is currently been exploited by these middlemen... And the regional govt is doing nothing but comforting it's state GDP out of the taxes, but not even thinking about the small farmers... Now all that money, which a middleman was abducting, will come in farmers hand, all of it protected by contract (law).... Now, even a small farmer can avail all what he deserves....
#wesupportfarmersprotest
Support the farmers in India  and support the truckers in Canada 
Farmers all over india to be helped by govt.
Mandio m jake dkho. Kya hal hora kisan k or tum yha cartoon network k Tom jerry banre oo
After all farmers who lost their lives while protesting and  who were in protest continuously,Big Salute to them......Jai Kisan....
shame on india. poor farmers need help
Just because some farmers couldn't understand the positive aspects of the laws, the whole farmer community will have to suffer.
I like the idea of a minimum fixed price but I don't think the govt. will be in favor of it because it seems that they want the free market model to be applied to farming through these bills. Do you think they have succumbed to the pressure of big companies while formulating these bills? 
I like how the girl said "people at home are suffering and i feel guilty about it but now that we came together against this bill and it feels powerful". So they, indian californians, think the most useful thing they can do is stand outside the indian embassy in california? Its like protesting world hunger by talking a walk in Hollywood boulevard and then going to wendy's to celebrate how their powerful message "solved" world hunger.
The points raised by Farmers towards police are exact to the points.
.but it's out of my understanding why Congress now saying modi govt corrupt.
What I can understand is that their source of information is India Tv, Aaj Tak, republic media . Better some day watch local news of Punjab what they are saying
My heart bleeds for you. Farmers are so special. 
You said truth sir. It needs reformation of APMC instead of removing. Thanks a million sir because u put forward both view of this bill. And now I got it the -ve as well as +ve side of it.
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.. Handicapped Punjabis do not get even a single paisa relief in electricity charges
Kejriwal ji only hope for India
Thank you for breaking down this complex issue Vox. Solidarity with the Punjab farmers!
you say that farmers will be at risk of market fluctuations which is wrong. Farmers can have annual or multiple year contract with the Buyers so they can maintain their sale and earning even if mkt are fluctuations. Buyers being big Org. are selling the processed output at a much higher price anyway, hence they always have the capacity to absorb fluctuating. saving here is by eliminating middle men and  un-controlled stock hoarders. and then you say Govt will remove itself from Agro Business. wrong Govt. can't do that as it has to control and maintain MSP, Mandis and APMC. All this have been made to make the farmers standing at one end of this Agro system improve their life.
farmers should be able to sell their crops freely
No sympathy for the Modi Govt here.. Dont care if they win or lose elections, if they can help the country attain industrialization..
They are not Indian farmers. They are pampered and affluent farmers of two adjoining states Punjab and Haryana, who enjoy both input subsidies and procurement prices (at a significant premium eg 25% above global price of wheat). And the Mandi (monopolistic produce market) brokers who could be or not be farmers or local politicians . The new agricultural bills liberate the farmers from the exploitation of the brokers and the monopolistic market. Incidentally, the protestors are from the two states which account for 4% of the Indian population.
Reforms are needed for the citizens, let it come through them and intellectual like him move from house to house to answer questions from farmers.
We support to our farmers brothers and we salute for their dedication, they are not begging,they need their rights,
A hearty congratulations , Our small farmers lost and middlemen won. Farmers will never get what they should get to avoid suicide and middlemen will loot and go to Canada promoting Khalistan Movement. It's sad to see such agenda is still successful in modern century and is killing our country 
Here before the Indian right-wing bjp internet cell take over the comment section labelling vice as "liberal leftist propaganda expected nothing better"
India: where consuming weed is a bigger crime than deliberately mowing down 4 poor farmers. 
The farmers demands are genuine. No one is a fool to leave his home and sleep in this cold, unless the reason is compelling.
FCI should buy produce from only poor states like Assam, Bihar and Bengal at msp to support the farmers who need it. Punjab and Haryana farmers have already become wealthy after selling to FCI at too much profit every year and now it's also causing water scarcity and pollution
Let me add something Sir msp is not on all crops only few general crops like wheat rice sugarcane etc. Govt says that if msp is for wheat is 1000per 100kg that means no one can buy less than that. Where are loopholes let me tell you not only one what is moisture in finished crop downgrade the price and who decide that govt authority that is first one what others loopholes who gonna fix the petroleum prices fertilizer prices , seed prices,pesticides prices,natural disasters  all these effects the cost of production and who bears it farmers
Sorry Zee News Punjab is a part  of India.
Corporate will buy at higher prices till the times APMC gets defunct for 2 -4 yrs, once monopoly is established then you know what's gonna happen
The Modi government is forced by the US to open up to the farming reforms, backed by big agriculture corps
Harp Farmer Pictures  - *Wherever JUSTICE  not in-action then wait for big punch from our lord in shape of many disasters to the Nation.*  Very painful to know about our Indian-Kisan-Farmers condition* now they have come-out from their houses and protest under the sky to get the proper facilities from the government for all of us to cultivate the food. We have taught in the colleges, our development based on Green-revolution after that we entered in Industrial-revolution. Farmers are not only backbone of developed Countries, they have well known as our food-kitchens where we get day/night meals, Farmers standing among us, just like at home the relationship of Parents and Children. The problem is our Corrupt-politicians, imaging all-time Five-Stars-Hotel-life. Simply, use and through the food plates. Who will teach them to do the Justice, Respect & Love, how many hands are involves to bring the food in your eating plate, *where ever Justice not in-action then wait for big punch from our creator in shape of many unseen disaster breakout to the Nation* . Almighty Allah fulfill the needs of our Kisan keeps them Safe, Happy and Successful Ameen.
Save india from the Kisan union and Tikait.
Why only Sikhs protesting? India is not only Sikh farmers or terrorist. Leaders of farmers protest should be put behind bars. If no one listens to them, they should get out and stop playing politics.
I am a Punjabi...and this so called farmers protest is against Modi...
Bjp now : repealing farm laws is a masterstroke 
This lady is disgusting she don't know farmers suffering from huge big problem 
Thanks a lot of you Mam for well explaining the Farm Bills...
When farmers get angry, it means things are really going not well
2) Farmers will only grow what the corporate house wants . so Wheat production may  suffer coz it can be imported cheap , it will have an affect on food security of the nation
Corporate is not evil but informal one .    Farmer need to understand . As a license trader , farmer use any type of fertilizer and not do proper testing and not event want reduction . Sector need to be demand driven not supply driven .  At the end it a trader responsibility not farmer (sad reality) , we pay more tax . They not even grade their products .
well he should have listened to punjab bjps mla he could have dismissed this protest when it was only in punjab but he ignored his warnings when a fight starts from punjab it either takes everything or lose everything no middle way whether it was colonialist mugals or either britishers
Its too vague to say that unregulated markets dont work and will collapse. An open market will cause demand/supply to drive prices (which usually leads to a more viable economy). Also these laws help farmers trade their produce all over India without going through the mandi; mandis are currently mandatory for any agricultural trade. For an open market to fail it would mean that all the traders across india collude to offer unfair prices to the farmers. That argument lacks any logical reasoning. 
you obviously arent punjabi and have been watching too many bollywood movies and dont know ground reality.I can see there are lot of Modi Bhakats here. Only suggestion I have for them
Out of all the laws, the third is the only one that is beneficial for both the farmers and the private players.
These were not farmers but brokers and mislead uneducated farmers, who were told that their land would be grabbed by govt or private companies later, so protest.
-> fear of losing farmers support
Really very upset thing. Educated city persons not aware real farmers bill
Was watching this on the day Farm bill was taken back
Every law has pros and cons. We are under old farm laws since independence no achivement seen. Only middleman will take away big benefits. Middlemen are very cruel. Politicians are holding big positions of middlemen in APMC. only a small amoount of farmers will get MSP price those farmers relatives to that middleman. Hence these new farm laws game changer for farmers. Think on it.
Why did BJP choose not to have open discussions about the bill with opposition parties?
Maap ap teacher ho apko achhese samjhana chahiye ki ye bills me  loss he ya profit kisano ka 
I'm a farmer myself in India and I do support the govt... It's helping us in numerous ways... Not all Indian farmers are protesting you know
I hope farmers get what they want. Brilliantly made documentary.
Fight against the Brahman atrocities towards the farmers.
Hamara desh yahi reason hai kabhi aage nahi badega. Mere papa Apple farmer the. Pehle govt mandi me seb bechte the pichle 3 sal se sidha Jam Factor ko bech rahe hain voh bhi 1.2 Price pe.  Mandiyon me itna Corruption ha tabhi ye mandi vale khub Provoke karte hain Takin commision na kha jae inka. Sad Day
But if you are a supporter of human rights, environmental protection, then you ought to read the laws first, and see the agricultural trends in India, and then comment.
See farmers were not happy with these laws govt. repealed them, farmers shud be happy now, the outcome will it be fair unfair all will know soon
Rakshas in present days looks like Ravish, Barkha and congressmen
Sincirity of Modiji our beloved Priminister can't be doubated. Vested interests who are involved with foreign divisive powers are playing the game of kabbadi.
1. There is no mention of msp system being legally enforceable. Doesn't matter if modi says msp will not go. They should give it in written that no one can purchase below msp.
farm bill is bad...atleast hoarding to nhi hona chahiye...
more than that everyone must understand when mo creation must be registered in the computer all more than all All must be registered So can not lead the public nose I will not give in to some people trying to sell their goods and drugs on the market in India with a duke from Pakistan don't have to understand every person that they don't lie anymore have to learn to tell the truth doesn't want to tell the truth i have nothing to do i won't give up for nothing
One thing that I don't understand is that why the richest farmers are protesting and not poor ones.
I love how everyone against this isnt a farmer  sit back. Unless you have zameen on the line, your input isnt necessary. No one is taking anything from us unless we say so. As you can see
Remember Modi commenting on a farmer suicides at an AAP rally, even thought the suicide had nothing to do with AAP? Now so many farmers dead and not a squeak from him
I think government should make commetties who make farmers
Now these farmers should also supports protest in Canada as emergency is imposed their.
PM of India should learn from farmer ,what ever it takes r how long it takes common people Will not be able bend for you. More people will shed their blood then listen to you Mr.PM,
UNO PLEASE HELP TO INDIAN FARMERS 
So many people still not aware of farmers laws.....I think farmers lack behind in this zone to explore  and convince to people.
Great coverage- although at times it felt you were showing a serious matter too lightly.. perhaps your style and my first time watching your content.  Could you do some coverage and show more about the shellers already ready in various areas in Punjab for Ambani and Advani corporations? Its a clear indicator Modi had already made direct plans with corps to sell the farmers livelihood.  Please continue to show us more on this. Thanks
We win..... farmers win
Dear Mr. Rathee, what you said from 9:55 to 10:05 in your video about uselessness of farm laws was ONE OF THE MAIN PLUSES OF THESE FARM LAWS! Also, nowhere, nowhere it is written or even indicated that rights of farmers won't be protected! It's sad that probably votebank politics made the govt. take back farm laws! But, these laws were damn needed! We are an agrarian economy & our agriculture sector is the only sector that has NOT seen any progress in the past many decades! These laws would've brought with them much needed development that India needs to compete agri or even non-agri economies! India's lack of prowess in the sector is one of the reasons India opt for RCEP, coz we wouldn't have been able to compete! So, bash the govt. all you want, but don't mislead! India, no Indian economy needed these much recommended farm laws. The rollback has pushed the stagnancy in the Indian Agri sector to I guess another few decades!
I think that the farmers are more literate .
Indina govt suck and that policeman has no manners how to talk.. if he belong to farmar family he has no right to stop them..! He should stand with farmers...  but unfortunately they all corrupt ... sad reality of delhi police and media.!
Now its time to raise voice not only for farmers but for us also
As usual, lucid and clear video explaining what the bill is. If I were farmer, they should group into a large conglomerate organization or a supplier org. That will have people looking after its interests. Knowing the private corporates they will bury the farmers in paperwork.
Thank you for true journalism! Attention Mainstream Media! Take a lesson from this Man on Journalism please and thank you! Journalism should be honest and unbiased! Support Farmers! No Farmers No Food! Kisaan Ekta Zindabad! Wahe Guru Ji Ka Khalsa Wahe Guru Ji Ki Fateh 
Wow, they just ran over a bunch of farmers!
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.. Shameless godi media, now change topic to blame kissan.
Farm laws Were not an Issue, We want FPOs more like NAFED and Amul. Cooperative Farm Socities with Govt backing Is future of Farmers. But I am not powerful To make my voice heard. Let Rakesh tickait be shown throwing stupid arguements and detrimental speeches. Let Media be doomed for there TRP and not showing real basis of Laws, Schemes. Let Rich People take benefit of Schemes and Poor people think govt is for rich because of lack of knowledge and media who is not ready to give proper coverage to schemes and development. May media be doomed.
In a way Farmers and Corporates are making some money at the cost of common man.. good and bad..
I am a neutral person supporting what is right rather than spreading hatred. The concept of free trading is good.  Its good to keep things liberal.. but at the same time we need to look into the fact so that farmers are not pushed to poverty. The government can also definitely encourage private companies to provide agricultural consultancy based on mutual consent of buyer and seller, but with strong regulations supporting  farmers and their development.
2. MSP - selling to govt at MSP and then govt gives grains to poor people, now the major issue is how many times have we heard grains rot in storehouses (which the govt has a limit) due horrible bureaucracy in India, the major issue with MSP is only 6% of farmers get. Only 6% and poor don't even get any benefit.
He says I don't know MSP is there or not. But with old provision kisan is a loose, his income has been reduced, shall their income should be increased or not. He keep on saying all these for which responsibility goes to old provision and this guy is saying wrong to the amendment, which has just been made. 
THEY ARE SIMPLY TRYING TO REMOVE THE MIDDLEMEN AKA "APMC CARTELS" AND THESE CARTELS ARE CREATING CONFUSION AMONG FARMERS.
Once in Singur West Bengal same kind of huge protest has been organized by the farmers against TATA company for establishing their automobile company in singur. Farmers won the battle making TATA leave Bengal after 5 years later no major company is ready to establish their company in Bengal and now Bengal became the 3rd largest exporter of skilled and non-skilled labor to western and southern states.
Support the farmers
I think MSP be granted for all the produce not just 23.  This can make this farm bill productive & save farmer from suicide.
Aur Punjab main already contract farming chal rhi h, Kerala mai masalo ki contract farming chal rhi h. Phir desh level par contract farming ka virodh kyu??
Snake still is the snake . And this snake is very poisonous.  It killed 700 farmers, then simply shed his skin
Wow. How much money you got to talk about Indian farmers? And stunningly didn't receive a penny to talk about South Africa. This is just amazing.
proud to see an opposition that has balls ,,, or yeh hamare PM ka 56 inch ka ego khet me gad denge ..wait nd watch . Am proud of our farmers and a new found respect for Sikhs.
Farming is no where profitable as it used to be. These reforms might be a way for the farmers to get out of the business
Correction: It has never been mandatory for farmer to sell their crop to only Mandi Middlemen, they can sell to whoever they like, I personally buy wheat directly from farmers every year and a lot of people in my city and all across the country do too.
Analysis does not discuss Farm producers organisation that will act as intermediaries . Government has planned to set up support 10000 FPOs to start with
Thanks to our Constitution, Right to Protest Win, Farmers Win
Once agriculture will be on contract basis then correct person can take lone on farmers land also.
There are lakhs of farmers protesting over the borders not thousands
 If farmers  don't want it then they should face it's effects too .
BJP was calling them aandolan jivi , khalistani etc thn why repealing farm laws now.
Very very very unfortunate decision. A fistful of farmers bowed down the government. The fate of farmers will never change.
The Modi Government is behaving like dictator. BJP should be dumped soon.
Wrong data. As a farmer I sell my potatoes to anyone. Even I can sell to any person in any place in India .  restriction is only for trader and not for farmers. Correct yourself and delete this wrong info based video
Now, Govt has given up to these so called farmers.... These so called farmers now will take the Govt further in different way whatever they want from Govt......   A bad development for future any of such agitation
This will reduce the farmers costs for inputs and help clean the air.
Fake Kisan rally should end now.
Modi's farm laws are favourable to landless and small farmers but large landowners are disadvantaged.
Imagine if all farmers form a organization and start protesting in whole country
Showing videos without blurring it to disturb us and make us realize the cruelty of farmers so that we can't thik about other sidegreat
Kisan demands just right demand for future of seventy percent of Indian People.
This shows  Modijis  broad
Nope.... india needs to move move away from a controlled economy to a supply and demand economy .. farmers suffer everywhere due to climate uncertainty, economic growth and government policies.. so they need to become market aware and produce goods people want to buy at a quality and price they can afford.. they need to take the tiger by tail and control it
Congratulations to Cong leaders, for bringing the issue of the farmers death in lakshmipur to the President. Let's hope good wisdom prevail. 
Power of farmer
Farmers who died during all will compensate 5 lakh+1 gov job,,, what about those police man?
These farmers have dug their own grave 
This shows exactly what is happening in Punjab, Only rich Punjab large land holders who exploit small land owners of their MSP are protesting. And Punjab wants to make same old too excess Paddy fields which is making most water degradation, most air pollution, least resistant crop bcoz all are using similar seeds. And this video is given to a Panjabi  Isnt that conflict of interest
1. Farmers asks govt to guarantee purchases. Govt of India used to buy wheat and rice when India was not self sufficient in food.
6) Farmers can choose to grow on contract or grow and sell as they wish. And then sell themselves to the market or to private orgs or the govt
If I say don't make Youtube video will u stop no ! Bcos m stoping ur freedom & skills , u r clever & all farmers are stupid ??? My dear they are ground rooted people , I can understand u can't
Lmao farmers protest mai British parliment mai 80 saal baad phirse India ke protest discuss ho rahe the
Farmers will not stand more injustice ..
An open letter's videos are very detailed about the farm bills. I recommend everyone to watch that too
If Farmers don't want reforms then don't give any subsidy and other debt benefits from Tax payers hard earn money.
He has shown the videos of reaction of farmers after car killed people
Only India's farmer protest.. Not largest..
The literacy rate for farmers in India aged above 40 is less than 10%. That's the reason that few opportunists are making fool of them saying opening more options of direct sale will reduce the prices of their crops.
Godi media balo,  why you are reporting to devide Indian kisaan. 
Very beautiful video. I cried through the whole video. Waheguru make this government take these laws back and save the farmers and farming culture. Pata ni vo log kis mitti ke bane hain jo kisaano ke khilaaf khade hain. Koi b government ,koi bhi PM ek mehnat karne wale imaandaar aadmi se badi nahi ho sakti. This is the time we all come together and support the righteous, support the FARMER 
b)  Required money and material input should be provided to farmer if desired by farmer. 
7) "Khalistan" separatists fueling this agitation.. Canada till now has been opposing ideas like "MSP", but now suddenly cares for these farmers..! How many Khalistani separatists are in the parliament of Canada..?
Salute to every farmer who is fighting against this black bill, staying in such harsh conditions of winter without losing there patience not a single violence..
this is khalistan protest not farmers protest
Hey Trevor , I am from India and the condition here is pathetic. I'm so thankful to you for taking this topic but We need more support. Please 
Let's say that if each farmers were paid 10000 rupees per month and there are an average 10000 farmers are in protest from one year then then the payee will have to pay 10cr. Per month and 120cr. Per year which is possible . please clear my doubt.
Kon karta ha yar asa (kisan ha   khalistan) nhiii           sharing food  it's a big thing    feeding others      it's very  beautiful  to see  protesters ar saver of india  Sikh's    most  beautiful people    its lovely    all india farmar  god blas to all of u   keeping loving keeping sharing   farmers
farmers are all over india not only in punjab reforms are just for mediators who earning in between farmers and purchasers this bill will remove them. i am also a farmer i know this bill is in my favour. dont be fool. if u have money it doesnt mean u have brain. think twice before make a statement  iam sure even every character in this video not even read the bill if they have read then may be they don,t have that much brain to understand for what they protesting. one more thing please dont say farmers feed the world if its like that then they should distribute it free then we understand that they are really feeding, farmers also doing business by selling its crops so please nobudy doing favour on anybudy. Jai Hindustan. waheguruji da khalsa waheguruji di fateh.  please dont br s emotional fool.
Pls stand with farmers
In the long terms small Farmers will regret....politics took over better sense....PM/BJP will win some more, will move on....farmers should have options to choose from.....
pressure diya ha maybe farmers ko cholo tikri border see nicely
I watched it twice but couldn't get why farmers are really protesting.Dhruv became anti-modi instead of being a social media journalist by confessuing the irrelevant flaws in Modi's decisions rather than explaining truth..
BJP Answer: Congress was wrong
Iska mtlb farmers already acha profit generate krre h en mandis k through??......to fir kyu farmers gareebi or loss m hote h hmesha....
Haryana punjab unity..... mann sanu haryane wale bro te to sade nal khade... nd all farmers of india .. superb... we are farmers.. hame pta hai haq kaise lete hai
Third thing Modi never went to see Kisans at their Ddherna place.
The threat of farmers are true.
Sharing  bag .farmers protest these are all politically motivated and supported .
Farmer Sanjay Singh should actually become a full time journalist
Done well, No murcy on farmers, they stopped working of India,
5. Yes there are many flaws in the APMC but insted of correcting them Govt cant just scrap it. whole economy of states like punjab and harayana had evoveled around these mandis since independence. its not just farmers but ardhtias and kariana shops and many other labourers who will loose their jobs . Mandi boards are also empowered to construct roads and do other developments in local area. 
biggest  hypocrites are these farmers, with their global sympathy act LoL
The thing is if the stocking takes place and if price goesup. Hmm that part is little complicated can't support fully or can oppose fully.
I hope people also come forward in support of farmers to reject this policy.
My Father was a Farmer, luckily he didn't commit suicide.... what worries me is that he left farming.
GoI need to focus the root cause of farm bill flaws.. 
This video is ultimate. You have clearly shown downside & goodside of farmers bill
Farmers are not terrorist 
We stand with our farmers 
The farmers are rebels without a cause. The don't understand what the are fighting about. They are the shame of the nation
Farmers Onion Price 2- 5/kg
I am from farmer family, this man is liar, government was providing place, when this protest was start but the farmers organisation refuse to stay there and they block the roads.
Shame !! Real shame!! Now Punjab Haryana politics reign supreme. Was there simply no way to keep these laws yet placating those "aggrieved" !! So finally the mandi mafia was able to trump any meaningful efforts to bring change in a farmer's miserable life!! Tragic indeed. Dont know when we will grow up!!
No farmers, no food.... Dont ignore their peaceful protest since last so mny mnths
Ask him why bihar labour comes to Punjab and haryana for daily wages?
I will recommend everyone to watch the video of Dr. Vikas divyakirti ji on farmer bill
OMG, 1st of all these are not farmers these are khalistanis
3) why farm bills repealed after so much casualties and before elections upcoming (up,uk, punjab) when you were so stubborn that it wouldn't be repealed
Welfare of the farmers are above than any Party,PM or ideology. MSP is already imposed on many crops. What Tikait want is like same price of kiwi and chilli. Though agriculture is in state list yet PM is stopping CM of all states CM to impose MSP.
Wo apni protest main pure country ke farmer's ko msp mile ye bill ke guaranty mang rhe hain or bol rhe hain Apmc main sudhar karo htao matt usee
Very upset by the  farmers agitation  and the wrong step by the opposition.  Thanks a lot Sir for explaining.
Their concerns were 100% valid. Once you remove price guarantees, industrial farms can undercut everyone at a loss in order to drive them out of business before returning to whatever rates they want. That results in less farmers, less choice for consumers, and ultimately higher prices. That's not an "emotional response" that's economics 101 - the Walmart model. You only have to look at Australian cattle farming to see this in action.
Please withdrew the black laws against Indian Farmers.
More than 150 farmers died and BJP govt is doing cruelty and no media is showing real news ! Please help Indian farmers ! please help ! Millions of farmers are protesting against antifarm laws but govt is trying to suppress their voice #SaveFarmers #FarmersStandingFirm #farmerprotest @Tractor2twitr  please share this issue internationally thats our last hope please help us ! They are going to use army and police force on protestors tonight ! Please help and save millions of life ! Please help !
Not all people who support farm laws believe that the farmers moment is a Khalisthani movement. There are a lot of them who have  welfare of farmers at their heart and believe that farm laws were a right step in that direction. If you categorize all those that hold a view point other than that of yours as some sort of narrow minded fools then how better are you than those new channels that you are criticizing?
APMC fees (8.5%) doesnt get deducted from farmers income. Its being paid by buyer (FCI) on top of crops bill
Every thing depends on the demand, if the price if the goods are more in the market then they can make deal with the consumer directly rather than selling it in APMC market where they have to sell it in lower price, Msp minimum support price is taken as a reference price for the goods hence making the farmers sell the product more or less similar to Msp . Now MSP is not a factor.
Yet, if there was a general election Modi and his ilk will be winners. Nonetheless, well done on your persistence Farmers,
Shame on that people who dont support farmers
Lots of hand waving by Dhruv. There have certainly been missteps by the Modi govt but when good initiatives are taken why this needless one sided critique? Why keep msp? Demand and supply...yes GDP investment needs to rise. In fact, govt should get out of all business...just regulate fairly
So what are the farmers protesting for? This bill makes sense
What the agitating farmers could not achieve  by their prolonged agitation, could be done by Capt. Amarinder Singh. I think it is largely the efforts of the Captain coupled with election politics ,which led the Central Govt to reconsider the issue to pave the way for Captain's victory in Punjab election. No political party however can claim a role in this issue. Enough hints were already dropped by him in advance about the course, the Central govt needs to take.But how a small fraction of farmers have become a block to larger section.
Support farmers of india
Only 6% of the produce in Haryana and Punjab are sold at MSP. Rest are sold to private players. Only 6 states in India have APMC.
Respect for the lallantop for standing with farmers and showing the real truth
and by the way the farmers will continue to produce their products next season also if the price go on increasing... so then also the farmers will be the ultimate beneficiary....
Without farmers we have no food and life
This person has no knowledge.if farmers are getting more opportunities to sell their products then what is wrong there . It is not that apmc mandis are destroyed but farmers are getting more opportunities
Farmers should become more competitive
I stand with farmers from J&K
This cleared everything about Farm Bills! Much grateful to you for this.
Feeling very depressed that our country is so politically biased for the protest even without any acknowledgement of the real matter. People don't know what problem the farmers are facing and are judging that the farmers aren't aware what bills consist of; even though they literally don't know properly what it consist of!! We need to stand together. Our country has lost its democracy. We have to do something really very effective and revolutionary.
What is a information sir, nice, outstanding, salute you. From this moment I support 3 agricultural reform bill. Thank you for this valuable information.
1.  No one can Sue government for any wrong doings done  by these bills in court - Bill 113 Chapter V.  This means no  vakil, no appeal, no daleel.  One of the most undemocratic bills in the modern day indian history
Workar classs hota to may be gov ke samne har jata...but ye kisan class tha jo gov. Ko zookake hi mana...salute to farmar and Ravish ji
So they opened the market and allowed farmers to sell directly to traders, ideally they should be allowed to sell directly to consumers! Why is this causing so much commotion? It seems to me that it is better for farmers
Bro there are 4-5 farmers coming with their produce daily at a retailer near me... they wait for the retailer to give them a good price and at the end of the day goes back with all of their produce goes back to some other retailer the other day....Lets not talk about McDonalds which is a foreign brand... lets talk about our Indian farmer
The fake and biased media will never share these beautiful connections which farmers have made with people . As a Sikh and son of a farmer I feel proud for this real thing which cannot be expressed through the words. Love you sister from Punjab 
This is a sad day for those who do farming . As a farmer of 8 generations of farming, and a IT specialist with law background, I am sure that this legislation would have changed the farming community in next 10 years. No one will dare it for next 25 years .
d)  Farmer can only sell the agri yields to the apex body at the price calculated by apex body based in particular with pricing policy adopted for other products of market. It is note worthy that pricing policy needs to be only one for home market covering the total nation. 
You kind of need farmers. Just saying
Just because punjabi farmers don't like it doesn't mean others dont too. Most are happy with the reforms.
The farmers should not come under modi words he is a liar liar he want only vote .
Media is all out angnst farmers.
I stand with Farmers..... Farmer demand is genuine !!
I always against the , "ek desh ek election" .
Agar kisano ko bills samjh a gye hote to sayad in jaise thekedaro ki job chali jati sayad is liye ni chahte the implementation bad side of democracy 
These 3 laws are for betterment of farmers & some political parties and groups taking advantage of this protest.
According to one of the three laws of the government, they now allow the corporates to do contract farming. It sounds good theoretically but in reality, many of the farmers in this nation are not much literate enough to read and understand the sesquipedalian contracts by these corporates and this will be harmful in the long run. Assume that a farmer sows the potato but the company says that this is not their kind of seeds and they show the contract to farmer and file a lawsuit and the farmer's life is destroyed. 
Super as usual this also one of  great video about farmers, thank you 
In these bills farmers have right to leave the contracts so how is this similar to Indigo?
The other laws are optional to farmers. Contract farming is already practiced in Punjab and rest India, this law will give it a good hand nothing more. Does he studied the Centre State fund sharing in Agriculture and income of Punjab govt the so called capitalist farmers?
Salaam to these Farmers and thanks for producing food for us...... no matter how much money we have ... Roti to anaaj se hi banti hai
Democracy against Modi
Democracy in India has truly ended , if you protest against modi bjp and the new maharajas , they will let loose their goons on you, including the police. Beat you , put you behind bars and FIR against you of a terrorist.
If the government was saying that th farm laws were beneficial for farmers then why did they repealed these laws,,,,,,,,       ,,,      
Thanks for your valuable description. It's not long video, rather full of information. I like your points. I m an employee of Odisha Govt. Farmers of Odisha always accepted the new revolution.
The intention of the new bills is for the benefits of the farmers.  But, by removing the safety net, the farmers will be screwed by the corporates' exploitation of the loopholes  and the incompetence and corruption of the government.
Now every one knows that these so called kisan are backed by khalistani, the way they lynched 5 men was horrifying, why every where there is panga with only these type of kisan whether it was republic day, or in Haryana and Punjab, now in up, if someone has common sense they will definitely tell this is staged kisan  andolan.
Most simplest and unbiased explanation about the farm bills.
Regarding contract farming he is talking nonsense. Now a farmer will get assurance on the price.  That is 25 per kg in your example. This is the main thing, even the price goes up or down. This is like insurance to them. Further, one farmer want to take risk, he is free not to sign contract and sell his product on market rate. 
These farmers leave farming
We stand with farmers
Great coverage of farmers protests...but many yet to decide whose side they should stand...I mean is it a question??
Only china can help the farmers from India...
I support the Farmers thank you BBC
Monk understands this bill better than farmers
2nd claim: if APMC is not there prices fluctuate, what happened when Onion price was rising suddenly govt. banned export hurting farmers from thier extra profits. its best govt. stops interfering when price rise and only provide support when price is collapsing
What about other 80% farmers from bihar ,west bengal, Uttar Pradesh and other states who are in support of farmer law vice should visit them . Go to bihar and visit poor farmers ,not these rich farmers.
All the people who dnt even own a 1 inch of agriculture land in comment section telling what is right for farmers 
Farmer die by suicide because of loans because they sell the crop at MSP and then same produce resell is at higher price and profit is not passed on to farmer.
Bro if you know that much then tell me which were the laws government passes and go read them clearly it is written that farmer has the right to sold there grain where they want they can sell it on mandies or they can handover it to any private company for minimum price that gov will decide 
kudoss to VOX team to present farmers issue on global media 
After kisaan aandolan I started hating this pm modi bcoz I also belongs to a farmer family so I can feel the pain of farmers and I also know the strength, unity and strong determination of farmers to face any struggle in life ...!!
What a downfall for a state which was onces India's Richest state. As of Today Punjab ranks 15th in Per Capita income & i won't be surprised if they slip below Bihmaru states from where (As of Today) they get their labour from. A state like Haryana managed to gain some momentum (Thanks to the Auto & IT industry) but Punjab with sooo much talent is going down. I see yet another West Bengal in Making, get your act together before it's too late.
Let's just start saying RIP Farmers for future suicides in advance. Because we all know what is going to happen . it's just the same old story on loop. Let's pray for small farmers. Jai Hind.
WE SUPPORT  FARMER... Police  will have to understand# but willfully they don't..
but most importantly for the ""Hardworking Farmers"" who sacrifice their lives just for providing Bread to the Nation!
As a citizen of india  I will never ever forgive all these godi media reporters  for spreading hatred ,false news and  misguiding people 
Do you think this BJP government is fair to anyone in this country. Is government has done anything for citizen of India. If you really think that kisan is looking for justice pl join the kisan parade.
Rural voters and Indian Americans are the biggest supporters of Modi. This is like the fable about the frog and scorpion.
These bills envisage to bring change in some of the key aspects of the farm economy  trade in agricultural commodities, price assurance, farm services including contracts, and stock limits for essential commodities.
Punjab farmers are richer than up and Bihar farmers
LoL even during the 1992 economic liberalisation there were protest by the people who love socialism it was just that indian industrial work force was pathetically small due to colonialism and  socialism. If these bills are taken back then it will be the continuation of the India's sick farming sector.
Loved the lecture and the content related to the technicalities of farm laws. Also I am happy that vikas Sir's prediction about the farm laws ( that they will stay and modi won't repeal it) is failed. He is a very knowledgeable person but yes we all sometimes undermines the power of protests.
Proud to be farmers,  shame on government and police
Kuch bhi bakwass baccho k mind m bhar doge y chije toh aesa hi hota h or saf pta chal rha h is bacche ko kitna mind m thoos thoos k y sb bat bhara gya h  y log poletecian sb farmers k nam p khel rhe h farmers ko apne gharwalo se fursat milega tb ayenge na faltu ka andolan karne m lage h or time barbad or desh k ijjat ko tehas or barbad kr rhe h hadd h is bache ko bhi nhi chora
ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also 
Where is proof of stone pelting by farmers. BJP lies
Farmers are given full freedom to sell their products to any one of their choice.
but i have doubt, yo said no tax outside APMC, but does it tell that APMC can't levy any cess or fees from farmers? i am confused
Yehi 2 sal pehle kar deti to govt ko itna gahta nahi hota toll band rahe log presan huye police presan army presan kitne log mare gye ise bolte siyana banda gu kahta sharm kro or mandir masjid bnana chodo or ane bale bacho fichur acha karne ke liye study ko free kre ki ane bale bache apg abdulklam bne jis din india me study free hogi us din sahbi mudde kahtam ho jayenge jay bahrat and congratulations farmar
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the
Beautifully Explained Farmers Protest against Black Laws from beginning to Wining.
Rihana was right just because she have 100 million followers but no one tell u that IMF, WTO says that these bill are good for Indian market.
3) the best one, the self contradiction. U told that the small farmers does nt hv enough facility or moneytory  support to carry their products to the mandis!!! also describing how a farmer from Kashmir can sell his apples to Maharashtra. R u ok???
Terrible decision. Future generations  will weep remembering this day. Blame will be on farmers and pseudo farmers sitting in foeign countries.
He just wanted sympathy that's why  acting to apologize what about those 600 who die during this protest, mental harassment of farmers by godi media , water guns during winter , living on roads in hot climate of Delhi in summer , being called pizza khane wale can't they have it pizza is only for these so called politicians  we can't just forget it all  and really felling bad for  those foolish people who still support him
Its about time you did a story on Punjabi farmers protest Vox
It is the loss of the Small farmers and a blow to the growth in their incomes.
 indian who belive that this protest are by farmers sat sat pranam unko. But but but who belive this are not farmer of India , they should need mental treatment ...... Honestly this reality makes me more respect to punjab and all my farmers brothers .today I feel I got blessed by golden temple ...I.also do.fast for them for a week ,atlist 
I never ever thought you can talk about these serious issues as you are a comedian.But KRK and now you changed the perception. Thank you for support 
So many farmers have died,. Government has no sympathy for them .. people chose government to help them not to betray them after. Supreme court act as per government instructions.
In the long run it might be good for farmers, but government needs to be strict in abuse of the markets by corporations.
So, as you mentioned, right now Farmer has a rate to negotiate in Mandi. They decide what they grow, what they sell!   Once the contractor enters, they will decide what will they grow, they will decide what they buy, they will decide the quantity, they will reject if it doesnt match the quality they wanted! Who is the vulnerable one, Farmers! 
Congratulations so called farmers (sellers). Youve successfully broken a man who actually thought for the betterment of the hardworking farmers of India who didnt get the value for their crops. Youve shown the world that by bullying, abusing the police and wasting taxpayers money by blocking major highways anything can be done. Good job to you goons and stay happy with the decision but remember youve taken the curse of those millions of hardworking farmers doing this 
Why the farmers don't have a cooperation?
Farmers are right at their place govt is only thinking about their profit....arey agar khud ke hi kisano ke sath dhoka kroge to khaoge kya...
These outsiders should understand Indian's Population is 140 billion protest, marriage, travel etc whatever happens, it will always b big, atleast India has overcome covid crisis unlike many western bullies ( BBC, Washington post, New York times, AL Jazeera )
Ye teeno farm bills boht ache the desh ke agriculture ke liye
Disappointing, atleast Modi Ji se ye ummid thi ki wo unpopular deseasion lene ka himmat kare ge. 
The key would be to make sure that farmers get paid adaquately when they sell their land to larger farms/corporations. While ensuring the farmers have other employment available.
RAKESH TAKAIT IS A PATRIOTIC AND BOLD FARMER LEADER. HIS SALOGAN HAR HAR MAHADEV ALLAH HU AKBAR UNITED THE INDIANS. KICK OUT COMMUNAL POLICY OF BJP GOVERNMENT.
RW: Asking Trevor Noah to actually read the farm bills before making speculations and falling into the khalistani propoganda.
Where have you discussed the farm bills? Not even a single point. You have told about the demerits of APMC act not about merits or demerits of new farm bills.
I understand this video is a month old but please cover all angles. Mainly farmers from 2-3 states out of 30 states protested .  
those farmers who was killed in lakhimpur may their souls are rest in peace
Very nice video... please take up current affairs topics like this and make videos...as now a days in the hue and cry of politicians and news channels and biased news no one makes effort to know what exactly is the law made and what are they protesting against...why only Punjab and Haryana farmers only ..why not Kerala , Maharashtra and other agricultural states
Msp on contract farming
These are not indi farmers,
Hon'ble PM: No Agricultural Law will be back. It is in Favour of Farmers.
If farmers can sell directly and farmers are given freedom, then that means the people who are protesting are the middleman or the agents.. then all this protests is for this agents or middleman in the name of farmers, as it's easy to gain sympathy over farmers name
Great video! Thx. So the consensus I can arrive at based on this information is this farm bill is not comprehensive and lacks application of thought. My thought is simply this- if today with all the tech and knowledge and experience we have gained, we cannot take care of us farmers and bring down the prices on essential and non essential items,  it is depressing and really sad. I have great expectations from this govt, I sincerely hope we as a nation work towards solving all the gaps and redraft this to make it more comprehensive to ensure the corporates dont play with the 50%and 100% which I guarantee that any company will do. Further I dont see how this will stop hoarding. In our country where our judicial system take forever to resolve cases, how much peace will it bring to the farmers most of who have not been able to get even the basic education- (busy feeding our country) to have a legal contract. I dont see this, a solution to the problems faced today- if anything it seems only making a bigger mess.
APMC Should be the key players between Farmers and Private Corporates
This law is full waste for poor farmers and citizens because is supports a rich farmers only . It is beneficial for poor citizens of India .  Understand brothers
Ma'am I wouldn't say wether this bill is bad or not.. But if this bill fails & farmers suffer in the future our mainstream media will never discuss it as they are praising & discussing now
These protesting farmers must think as to why farmers from rest of India are not protesting
It's a loss for poor farmers.
Almost all farmers support against these laws. Farmers from 1 acres to 100 acres owner all take stand and win.
On January 20, 2021, we mark the first milestone and soon there will be a stone plaque of farmers victory. 
Govt is not doing away with apmc and msp.. 
Also, focus on work empowerment and protection, ... giving farmers freedom to trade across India, enter into contracts, grow beyond essential items.... ofcourse, there will be some bad players in business , but doesnt mean we repeal these reforms... the reforms are great and with time, it will evolve
Why is it that only north indian farmers are protesting ?. I don't see any protests in south india
Even I think this is very big issue even than covid because farmers are major part of India 
This is the power of Democracy, power of Vote,Salute to beloved Farmers ,my heart felt condolences to bereived families who sacrifice their  life  for the cause of Farmers community particularly and the Nation.
Just Boycott Modi and His Godi Media and BJP 
Please please all government help India Kisan Kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem Ambedkar cast problem help help help
 parliament. But protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th 
Desh ke liye Kisan Mazdoor bunkers ka yogdaan hai ham unki seva ko samjhe please please please please please
These 6% farmers who got benefits of MSP are these opposing state......I.e punjab and harayana
If our farmers has a roof with holes which dribble in rains, it doesn't mean you just remove it completely and leave them in open. You either replace it with better one or let it be that's what they are asking..
This is not a farmer protest. This protest includes Khalistanis, Jatts (for reservations), terrorists, SP workers in UP, possible AAP workers in Punjab, Gujjars might also join in (as they also want reservations) its the most horrible cocktail of evil created by Congress which is going to go out of their hands too. Never forget never forgive.
Beautifully presented, ahimsa at it's best, post independence, as it taken time for the goverment to understand the flaws in a rule following many discussions and meetings , the farmers wait like their crops to reap the fruits of their dharmic peaceful resistance  through the harsh season and weather. Makes anyone philosophically moved,so I wrote this post.Jai kissan,jai Bharath.
Tribute to those farmers who lost their lives
Pls google it and download farm bills Draft  read it all u will get your answer  pls dont spread fake propaganda
The farmers need to understand the laws and policies of the govt. and The Government has to be patient.....
It's Govt who pressured police to stop Farmer's March to Delhi. I think all Farmer's from neighbor state should support n participate this agitation . Aaj juko gi to Kal bi jukhna padega....so abhi khara ho jaw to Kal bi khara honge
Basic fact- no farmers, no food.
Kejriwal ji is very good in supporting speculations that farmers will be worse of in the future same as with the CAA etc. Please think about Delhi public by supporting kissan protest getting out of hand. Their some leaders are misleading the farmers and will create  war like situation.
Punjabis too . We do not support the demand by Physically Handicapped 
The produce from Punjab and Haryana are bought at MSP and is distributed free of cost to most people in bihar.
These new laws actually give the power to the farmers to choose prices (to some extent), buyers, become educated, learn new technologies, and develop overall. 
Buyers shall be passed through a proper channel before they could actually buy the crop from farmer, as a non legitimised buyer can commit frauds with farmers by not paying them money. As of today the licensed buyers have to deposit bank guarantee in APMCs, so the payment of farmer is secured.
I agree with everything in this video but they should think that different states has different rates for the crop and lets assume there are two states ( state 1 ) and ( state 2 ) and in state 1 the rate of everything is lowest from every other state and the farmers produced the crop in low price and in state2 the rate of everything is the highest and the framer produced the crop in high price what if the farmers from state1 go to state2 and sell they in high rates so what will the farmer of the state2 do because he has produced the crop but he can't sell because the crop has already been sold by other farmers does he will go to the lower state and sell there and will go in loss ( the answer is no )  if government really want to help farmers why don't they just the solve the problem state wise because every state is not same or the government want to give profit to the farmers of the one state and loss to the other (fact = Punjab and Haryana has the highest rate for the crops )
Zero knowledge of agriculture and people be like- wrong decision modi ji .. disappointed modi ji.. 
Modi's Covid distraction is over, so no need for farm laws.
No farmers No Future 
The Contract Farming should also be done between APMC and Corporates based on the contract they also can ordered the Farmers to crop as per....
-Athu maathramalla ivide randu kootarkum( co operate and farmer) benifit aanu vendathu.. oru mutual understanding undenkil maathrame ithu nilanilkoo. Ee bill nila nilkendathum cooperatinte aavashyam aayathinaal.. avar farmers ne maximum help cheyyum..
The farmers want the following things from the govt.:
Farmers are the mainstream for future India....
These laws are not against APMC or MSP.. they are to create a broader aspect which would no more restrict farmers to mandis,help prevent post harvest loss and wastage,abolish intermediaries that would led to bigger shares of price  to farmers from consumers..there is this misconception  being spread that mandis would no longer exist which is not true..
Only business man & middle man who exploits these Farmers will store...
Arrest Modi Ambani and Adani, India will be peaceful country.
BJP trying to develop Ambani.. Farmers protest again reliance mall, filling station,toll,and bycot jio.
To win Punjab and Hariyana  drop GUJUS/Marwaris otherwise India may not celebrate 100th year
Do note the Indian flag was flying much higher behind the two Kissan and Sikh flags that were put up on that pole. I doubt the farmers really have any desecration of the nation on their mind as most of them were waving Indian flags proudly at the red fort alongside the Kissani and Sikh Flags, this is a case of an agitation which has slowly built up and up over the course of many months.
Well done we have to support our farmers
Also how will the squeezing farmers take place?
Clearly presented arguments from both sides. However, the last point that our government can (in fact regularly does) limit free market operations in agriculture by banning imports and exports at the expense of Indian farmers should not be held against this particular bill. The fact exists independent of this bill. We can only hope that the tendency will reduce gradually as it only hurts our agriculture industry.
States had different rules & regulations 2buy food grains frm farmers. It was difficult 4corporates 2handle so many states with so many different regulations & taxes
Our Beloved Hounarable P.M. Modiji is always thinks about the Betterment, Benefits and Future of the Citizens and in particular the Farmers that too small Farmers. Now He has proved Himself as a People's Leader with His Act.
Second it is extremely offensive and false information you are spreading by saying that the Government wants to move out of agri business by bringing the second bill. After the second bill, the farmers will simply have the option of alternative marketing channels in addition to mandis. This definitely goes on to prove that the Government will very much stay in the game of agri business. Earlier the farmers were forced to sell only through mandis, even if they got better price elsewhere, simply because transactions outside mandis had no legal validity. But now the farmers can legally sell outside the mandis if they get a better bargain. In case the farmers do not get better prices through alternative marketing channels, they can always come back to mandis and sell at MSP. Now regarding your point wherein you say this benefits only the large farmers and not the smaller ones. Once the private players enter the scene, they will take the initiative of outreach towards small farmers to get their produce, provided it meets their cost requirements. Thus even small farmers will have better marketing chances. As of now it's difficult for small farmers to take their produce to mandis on their own, for sale. 
Who is government to procure and distribute farm produce? Farmers must be given liberty and access to non governmental buyers. Arhathiyas must be done away with. Farm produce must be grown based on demand. When 70% of produce goes to waste, why Should government buy?
I am not against any side of any party... But I am feeling bad for farmers... 
Khalistan banao shikh qum this time will never going to come Jag  Punjabi Jag love from kashmir pakistan
These are so called farmer's
NOW people realise that farm laws WERE in farmers' favour. Media was blindly supporting the protest. 
I hope Modiji don't back off on the topic of CAA/NRC and 2 child policy.
All of those people who are supporting the "farmers", please note that you claim that there should be market reforms and then when those reforms come, you all chicken out and show your inertia.
Ajj tak abp  godi media Watch this video you see reality they did no  insult to the flag no damage  they only used a empty pole that was there. https://youtu.be/9acytWHWJMs one farmer killed  by police
Lallantop should make news in English too so whole world should know what modi gov is doing in India
Loss to the real farmers
but why only two state farmer are protesting why not rest of India
Weldone farmer's lets join hands n make our nation better jago youth jago beware of political parties they only want money nothing else simply wasting time its we all together can make changes we r educated plz keep in mind
6. Stop watching godi media if you want to save this country.  And give me answers all bhagts of modi - which promises he had completed in his pm term please answer me .
Before a farmer can only sell their crop to mandi at some fixed price. Now the farmers can sell their crop to anyone where they can get good revenue in return. Along with the mandis still being maintained. Now the farmers get to chose who to sell their crop.
Always support farmers in the India.
Ye 'kuch' word boht chubta h unko, jo apni family se door protest mein lge hue the, just bcs of ur nonsensible bills.' Kuch' mein bihar, haryana, punjab,, Uttar Pradesh, rajasthan, Kerela shaamil hain, and these r the major food producing regions of the country. Think of urself, how blank u r. Govt. Jobs ko private mein convert kr rhe ho,  bechare login ko kitni difficulty face krni hogi, jo raat raat bhar preparations krte h, jinke parents ka yhi dream h ki unka bachcha govt. Job leke apni life ko comfortably spend kreee.
In the current system, corrupt govt officials take their cut from the current players in the market (buyers) by letting them buy at a certain price which is pre-decided for certain crops (the pseudo-auction system) which if you are from India, you will know to not be surprised to hear that laws are being bent. 
While you covered most of the points of the bill. You missed a very important point that resolution of contracts etc will not be done by courts but via the SDM. As you know our farmers are so game with contract law and SDMs in India are so honest. This will work perfectly in favour of the farmers whenever an issue with a corporation arises.
The problem is that in most cases MSP is the highest price farmers can get. Bihar does not have APMC act, see the condition of Bihar's farmer... working as a labor in another state. Maharashtra does not have... farmer suicide in Maharashtra is common. In India, leaders only think about consumers, not about farmers. When production increases, cost of the potato, onion etc becomes very low...govt generally does not interfere. When the opposite happens, govt stops export, reduce import duty to check the cost. In both cases, farmers are the only sufferer. Why these farm laws do not fix the minimum support price? They want to allow private entities, why they are not saying that private entities will not be able to buy the product below the minimum support price? Why they are allowing private entities to stock the farming product? They want that agriculture has to follow the market rules... fine... why do they stop export and reduce import duty when the cost of rice, potato,es etc starts to rise? That's also a market rule.
We're from Himachal, so stop making it state spat rather it's a protest of farmers and please don't reap the seeds of regionalism. We're Himachalis and we got nothing to do with Kangana, these are her own thoughts. We're peaceful state and don't drag Himachal's name in it.
The bill is to benifit the farmers.
But the farmers can still sell in the mandi right?
No farmer no food  please support farmers they are fighting for amabni adani will rise more food price if they have control on agriculture
It's great loss for the farmers. We have not seen anybody in South india protesting about it.
Salute To Our Great Prime Minister Mr Shri Narendra Modi Ji   & Our Great Chief Minister Mr Shri Yogi Adityanath Maharaj Ji 
Red army all farmers
c. protection given to farmers...like payment settlement within 3 days of buying 
Other farmers believes in India and Modi...This coverage was completely bias....assuming that private companies will not pay farmers is bullshit. If they mess with farmers who will grow crop in future....
Modi seen the power of farmer's. This agitation show the new life for democracy..Kisan Ekta zindabad.
3) concept of MSP is challenged in world trade organizations by many countries including Canada. They claim today Indian farmer typically gets free water, free pesticides, free electricity and other subsidies on top of a fixed MSP, which they claim is unfair practice. Because of these incentives the well to do farmers are better off and happy and can create symbiotic relations with the middle men, while an average farmer who is anyways trying to make ends meet goes further in debt. Private capital and infrastructure is needed as of today who pays for all this? The taxpayer who also is a vote bank 
Congratulations to Indian farmers specially our east Punjabi bros. Love from west Punjab
Bjp government pm modi failure hai mahangai berozgari kisan qanoon privatization of government property
Then as a result of no business in APMC yards, APMC will collapse, as such even MSP will collapse.
If so can farmers sell their produce via both means either directly to Corporates or via APMC to carryout trial and error methods to find a best possible outcome for their needs?
While the increasing authoritarian stance is very troubling and the fact that farmers are the most vulnerable populace in India, the reforms are needed. The Indian agricultural system is very inefficient due to the fact that a majority of people are engaged in agriculture, a blocked path for Indian industrialisation and progress. The reforms are needed lest India remain a backwards agricultural country. What we need are less farmers and more workers. Oh and the green revolution they demonised? Yeah it helped feed the exponentially growing population.
Bjp would earn crores from big MNCs as they are getting benifit from this bill , so another spending for new election will come.
Please don't say him farmers
Step 1: repeal of farm law 
Farming system is not failing in India.. Farmers are very happy.. and don't want any changes in the system and demonstrated as well.  All along the Farmers protest asked to continue the old system and are happy in old system.
Historic farmers protest
2. Every years 10000+ farmers committed Suicide due to APMC not functioning properly.
They may be just postponing it so that farmers lose hope :( or lose momentum or tire out
This is democratic country its farmers choice if they want the farm bills or not
The bill seems to be fine. The only thing is farmers have not understood the bill in detail. The govt should take an extra step to explain the bill to farmers at grass root level. No wonder the middle man is protesting the bill. The middle man will be out of job. No commissions in their pocket.
BKU leader said that as Modi didn't promise MSP to be covered under Law, farmers would still be protesting, despite the withdrawal of these laws.
Sudhir Jee these all are traitors.   India should not bow to these dacoits
3) 3rd law will allow private company to keep unlimited stockings and can led to articial price fluctuations and low price for farmers after harvest.
Indian National Congress  Rahul gandhi
This protest is not limited to farmers agitation, but on a large scale it is a reflection of society's raising concerns against privatisation (capitalism). This is a new beginning against the tyranny of capitalism or big corporates stronghold in the government policies.
Support farmer by not negotiating when buying their product. Most of the people fine to eat 1000 Rs. pizza but negotiate for a dozen of banana or other vegetables. Hypocrite public !!
After I learned & heard many debates from farmers & government, the summary was what was the old law about farming that will be continued & it wont be abandoned . The new law is optional for farmers & its not mandatory. Wherever farmers ll get benefits in new or old law , they can switch it to any one .
None of these people have really full knowledge of the matter. No reform in India is easy. This govt is flawed at many levels BUT these reforms are important. 10% prosperous farmers are holding up reforms which help the poorest 90% in other states. Pls research and read how the. Msp model is flawed and the tax payers money almost 1 lakh crore is being wasted. Farmers are the backbone but what's right is right. Reforms are important and should go through
These are not good bills for farmers
There is a difference between fee and tax. The fee is for services rendered but the tax is mandatory payment to the Government without a corrresponding service. Now the Mandi fee has deteriorated to be Mandi tax. The APMCs charge the fee even if the sale-purchase happens outside of the Mandi yard as the whole area is treated as the Mandi area. Limited no. of traders get Mandi License which is a prized commodity for the traders. Those who get the license get the monopoly to purchase and get hefty Commissions. I think with the new reforms this monopoly of Mandi traders will break. Although only time will judge, on the face of it the reforms seem to be good.
5. Farmers are asking for repeal laws legally enacted at the parliaments. That does not happen. They wouldn't even discuss any amendments either.
I am never against farmers .we are living because of them .but I am youngsters so please understand my situation also.
To understand the role of Aarthiya in APMC system and rural India - existing system needs to be understood and studied. 
Poor farmers will be exploited by rich farmers. Good for them. I am going to stop buying food grains grown in Punjab.
My projection is that these laws would wipe out the farmers from the scenario by making them difficult to get the produce sold at higher price ,leading to more debt for farmers and eventually the number of farmers owning the land and their independence on it will be gone. 
And yes there are many more things you dont know one of them is profit from Mandis this profit goes for making of interlink roads between villages whos gonna make them situation is gonna go same way as it was 20 years back when we had muddy roads between villages and when it rained it was horrible. Secondly gov wants to remove Artias Dalalas most of farmers are very poor they have small land holding whenever they are in need of money they borrow it from these dalalas on one promise they will return it by selling their produce who is gonna lend them money these corporate sectors need here Im taking about is like marriage especially daughters needs like some one is sick for hospital bills etc. we need to change our whole system before bringing these laws countries like USA tried this and failed all now they are doing is giving high subsidy on farming coz there are very few farmers left in those economies at the end if in democracy if people for whom laws are made they don want them than gov cannot force laws on them. It is simply a dictatorship
He is talking about gurunanak ji...and his bhakts are calling farmers terrorist
6 last sarkari mandi or govt procurement. Means no ration shops . Period.
Does polyfarming universally applied provide enough yield for the country and enough revenue to support farmers? Seems like prices would drop precipitously if everyone did this and everyone might well be wiped out in an ecological disaster anyway. Subsistence farming sucks. That's not what is being suggested, but it's not entirely of the mark either.. 
Media channels here in Kerala showed great support to the farmers and celebrated the victory...Newspapers like Hindu held actual facts too. "The farmers really deserved support".
Yes Gov is positive on Amendments but Farmer Unions want to legalise MSP and repeal the laws!!!
I'm glad bjp person didn't blame Nehru and Congress for this incident . Are we living in stone age? I thought India is a democratic country.
Sad to see how democracy turned into dictatorship. Modi government is ruining the grace and beauty of India.
Farmers want to more prosperous but are afraid of free market volatility. If they get less money, they protest and if they are asked to get into free market, they still protest ( coz they'll lose their subsidy and assurance by government). They want to get HIGH prices from Private companies but want government to bear the heat if it doesn't work out in their favor.
And BJP top leaders came to GHMC elections in Hyderabad, even farmers  are fighting in delhi they don't understand the problem of people they only want win and do nothing, so these is what happens if we believe in BJP
Yogendra Yadav top farmer and middle man  of the year 2021 without owning a farm and getting  money from China
For your channel Indian democracy in India is always in danger but the opposition party when they were in power they wanted to pass it but due not have No they were not able to Thier were many committee which discussed it and but always something stopped it many demand of farmers have approved now this farm protest has lost its way
"Our sense of belonging is attached to our land" says the (I assume american) boy protesting in America about a law in India about farmers and agricultural land in Punjab... Something seems off with that statement.
The farmers from Punjab are not poor farmers they come in suv's and Audi....the real farmers aren't protesting only Punjab farmers. Because Punjab is congress ruled they don't want development. 
I don't understand since this government came one or the other crisis or protest is happening, no matter what always a middle class person is effected, and regarding the farmers law i think it should be revisied, but in all this why people are holding the sign board of terrorist, we are not terrorist which doesn't make any sense
Its not hard. Respect democracy. Repeal the 3 bills. Simple.
So nice to see people supporting farmers. Otherwise on other tv channels either they are getting linked to congress or khalistan and what not
Canada ke punjabi kyun itne khush the. Farmers itne ameer hai kya jo unke bachche foreign countries main padhte hai.
Context for people who are not indian- The same political party had marches, bandhs(closure of shops or economic activity as a whole) in around 2012-13 and opposed the same farm laws when they were tabled by the congress in the parliament to garner popular support.
Irrespective of whomever you support, (farmers ko Karo obviously bc) the community, and brotherhood sprit here is commendable!!
#JaiKisan #FarmerWithPMModi
WE ARE FARMERS NOT TERRORISTS
Then it is saying that only 6% of farmers sell their produce in their APMC mandis if selling in particular state mandis are  mandatory ??
Your arguments seems to be one sided. You said there is nothing wrong in these rules. On the other hand you yourself said (3:13:13) that in some countries farmers get 32-34 out of the 40 (market rate), but you never explained how this will be achieved in our case when the private players have no necessity to pay even the MSP to farmers, and why this cant be achieved without privatization.
Funny, these people who are protesting in support of the farmers enjoy the free market economy in this country.  The Indian government is trying to bring in the same free market economic system in India instead of crony socialism.  Thus the laws have the full support in India.
These warehouse owner will make farmers wait until they crush buying price and then they will wait until they sky high the selling price!!
This bill will be the best thing happened to farmers in India's history. If a furniture maker can sell his product to any1 then Why cant a farmer sell his own produce where he wants!
The people who dislike this video they don't know the pain of a farmer.
I am from kashmir, and I'm happy for farmers, atleast they win, in our kashmir brutality is such that, we protest for dead bodies to return for burial.... Katil Modi
These farmers are properly brainwashed. I'm sorry to say, strong Indian government work will never be appreciated in a few parts of India. The biggest problem in this situation is, if India's government now revokes it, at least 23 states will start protesting because these bills actually raise Indian farmers' income. I firmly condemn its revocation.
Sad to see farm laws being repealed...
Full support fermar from India 
   Modiji got all the Deshdrohies exposed and Kisan virodiyom kho bhi expose hogaya.
Indian Govt.:  Losses and bankruptcies are the biggest reason for farmer suicides. Let's cut out the middle men and have buyers directly contract with the farmers.
i think the farmer on the right way  protest is their right  and they r going on the right path for themselves and the nation
The protests are happening in Punjab and Haryana only because there is a strong political+trader+arhatiya nexus in these states. 
Should hv refrained from repealing farm laws
Dear...these three Acts are not in favours of Farmers , you are focusing only outlines of these Acts but on other hand there  are many adverse affect on farmers....these bills are only in favours of traders and corporates...If a farmer violates the contract , then the traders get stay on his farm and due to the appiontment of big law firm..the farmer will not get justice...and Hoarding..the whole economy of India is around fifty Corporates and these are who control Modi Govt. ...and another big issue of WTO and IMF...they have big oppuritunity in Indian market and  Resources of which they use it at very cheapest rate and make money...our poor Indian people are once again on the path of slaveness due to bad Policies of Illeterated and tea seller...jumbebaj.....PM Shri Narender Modi ji...Please ..think deep..you will get all real picture of it... Jai Kisan Jai Bjarat
i fully stand with the farmers
Let's be honest about one thing - EVERYONE IS A BARGAIN HUNTER. The Middle class doesn't like to pay more and the farmers feel they are not getting enough. Most of the stuff about private companies is merely speculation and much of it cannot be totally disregarded but think of it logically - Currently, you have a cartel system that is equally as bad as Crony Capitalism if not more. One of the reasons for a cartel is that you have restricted the market. The free market will simply dismantle this head-on as more players will come in once restrictions are lifted. The first thing these companies would do is boost supply chain efficiencies instead of squeezing farmers or the middle class. It would be years before we would be under any threat of crony capitalism. Granted some of the most talked-about surnames have the money to get themselves involved in Agro but they are not the only ones with money. In fact, ITC is the largest partner of farmers and not the fancy surnames that are being thrown. There are risks but there are much more rewards. Under pressure Govt can leave these Bills to the state Government or roll back the reforms BUT DON'T EXPECT FARMER SUICIDES OR FARM LOAN WAIVERS TO COME DOWN.
These are not farmers.They are middle men. They only want  disruption.
Farmers taken out their tractors for protest 
Sir can you explain the part of the MSP in" Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020". Like it said if a farmer sells his crop outside the apmc then he won"t be granted msp. If that is said and done, why are farmers protesting about it. If they sell out of mandis and apmc, it seems reasonable why the govt. won't grant them msp as they wud be private, individual producers, and it wud become difficult for govt to regulate them all. Or is it just that there is no clarity provided by the govt. on msp. sir kindly tell about this, I just want to develop an unbiased-notion about it.
Hats off to all our farmers who protest for us from 8 months
This proves that to win elections BJP can go to any extent, their days are numbered now..please in the UP elections don't want this Buckwas Janta Party..save INDIA, Jai Hind Jai Bharat
Government has genuinely tried to address/help farming, but fake farmers have destroyed everything. After all Modi is a politician, he cant keep losing his political capital & instead turn his attention towards something more productive to the country/poll prospects etc..
please and very please make more video on farmer protest.
  jahar  ja       ,,      ,, our bsc    ,,   subject    income   ,,          ,,          ,,   is the future of indian   ,,   is                     ,,         ,, msp  liye      ,,         our            ,,                      ,, our     ,, 6%   msp  30        ,,  100   msp       80 % sirf msp par    ,, fir     ,,  ,, , ,, ,, ,,  devolopmant,,              boost      ,,  ,,,, ,  2 kg   ,,     ,, 10           ,,           ,,          ,,                     ,,                     ,,50%         ,,   1%                   ??
Some of these vested interest groups have also tried to mobilize international support against India. Instigated by such fringe elements, Mahatma Gandhi statues have been desecrated in parts of the world. This is extremely disturbing for India and for civilized society everywhere.
Farmers of one state are protesting ...as simple as that
Plz Support farmers 
#NofarmersNofood.
MIP(Minimum retail price) needs to implement within the bill
Big cheers to farmer,he wanted his name to be itched everywhere what a shame 
Great job guys. As an English speaking farmer, I want to salute your positive journalism. 
Baghel kept provoking the farmers to protest but Farmers of Chhattisgarh didn't..
Most of the drawbacks can be overcome by introducing MSP outside APMC.
Sacrifice of farmers and Unity Won.
More than 600 farmers died and the government didn't honor any of them.
I am confused. First I though, when farmers go on strike, they have a lot of other people to fill in the gaps in work, but then I thought, when they provide 70% for the whole country. Well I could survive some months from just bread and water. 
I deeply salute particpate all farmers  at this revolution 
Please keep talking about this. Let's help the farmers!
May Allah bless you and our farmers.
Nice explanation. And i agree that the starting phase of the protest was for the genuine reasons. But thn comes politics into play cause there going to be elections in Punjab in 2022 and many so called leaders need ro expand their vote bank
You talked about cartels i am completely agree with you but can you insure farmers that private players will not cartels and exploits farmers by not giving MSP 
Vandalised red fort, blocked highways and blocked railways, chokes Delhi with their smoke, most privileged group of farmers, when the water runs out they'll be back playing victim.
Ha, Corporatization of agriculture mai farmer ko exploit kiya jaa sakta h.
5.Small farmers can not hold their produce not more than 3-5 days and also not able to transport to other states everytime  also they need to sow next crop on time... 
Thanks for supporting farmers 
Thank you brother for supporting farmers
I m from district patiala, basically every village took their own responsibility for collecting grocery and arranging other commodities like diesel etc. Every village is sending 2-4 trolleys on average. Apart from that ppl r also going on other conveyances like bikes,buses,cars etc. I am also a farmer nd a part time teacher( teaches general studies for competitive exams ). I m from village- Ghagga,dist- Patiala (near Patran town).
I m support of bill
The fact that most of them are not farmers but rather landlords
Modi/Sha played every dirty trick in the book to dismantle farmers protests, but they failed to realise that they are fighting farmers not politicians...kudos to farmers they have shown the way forward...
The Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill
Farm Laws Repeal....a bheek from modi sarkar ?? 
If these laws were so righteous as he is saying, then why didnt he meet the farmers even once?? Lagta to yahi hai ke ye sab nautanki hai, to cover up the past deeds and off course elections are coming.
Respect all Farmer #Nofarmer#Nofood
Farmers are the main mass of India. There needs must be met,
Police waley agar kisan ke bethey hotey toh yeh sarkar muh toor deti
Worst thing about these bill is that farmers never demanded these bills, govt jabardasti unpe thop rahi hai. Kisan swami nathan report ki demand kr rhe hai aur vo ye kar nahi rhe.
Dear kissan we are repelling the rules of farmers we have feel that we  should get some mistakes in this 3 krishi kanun and we have also recommend you to go back to it home now we should call this 3 krishi kanunan to the parliament thanks
"very good explanation ,sir!,i became a biggest  fan of you .it was eye opening for government and for the farmers too,THANKS A LOT"
This Farmers protest will end BJP rule in India
1. Their is no restriction on farmers to sell their product outside the APMC . 
If gov. Think that this law is against farmer now (before UP election) then A case should be logged against gov. For  killing innocent farmer ( those who are in right path).
"If you ever sniffed the dust you wouldn't do that to us." Word's of a farmer. 
This is really an excellent explanation: very clear with examples everyone can recognize in their daily life. We as foreigners have now a much better idea why farmers are protesting. Well done!
1) if the 2nd year production is not as expected(flood, draught whatever may be the reason) by the big companies they can cancel the contract, nd the poor farmers wll never win against them.
Good explanation, govt is right and support new farm bill
Godi media certified us terrorist 
Someone who is not on the ground/ in India is analysing farmer bill......
# there is nothing in writing in the bill about the msp how can we ensure that there will a msp after this bill. Just because govt. Is saying there will be msp so we have to believe in there promises without writing can you join a company without a joining letter in writing.
They are stopping farmers as if they are out laws . Peaceful protect, sit in or dharma is their right . They have been treated very badly all the way to Delhi's border ., but these brave hearts have made their way .Shame on unconcerned  Haryana and centre govt.
I stand with Farmers but 
Salute to our farmers 
Are these people really even farmers ?
The mandi levies and fees add up to 8.5 percent in Punjab, 6.50 percent in Haryana, 4.05 percent in Uttar Pradesh, 3.75 percent in Madhya Pradesh, and 3.15 percent in Rajasthan. During 2018, the imposts were higher: 14.50 percent in Punjab, 11.50 percent in Haryana, 8.86 percent in MP, 8.16 percent in UP, and 3.25 percent in Rajasthan.
even before these bills came into effect .... I have seen price of onion go up more than 100% and then came back to normal twice in a single year in my state......I am from west bengal.... nobody regulated the price..........but now at least it would be in a limited price bracket...its far far better than current scenario.
  next PM election  BJP     ?
you missed adverse effects of corporate farming on society & farmers.
More than 50percent of government support goes , to these farmers .
Rehman bhai, make one more video on violent! Farmers (khalistanis?) attack on Police at Laal Killa, their non peaceful protest.
Thank you Modi and bhakts for giving this international fame to India.
Farming is prevalent in other states of India also, but why only Punjab farmers are present at the protest predominantly. And are all people present actually farmers? There is a huge political agenda behind the protests. Do not be fooled by mainstream media. Be smart, read the actual documents, read data, analyse, and then draw conclusions.
It is really funny how you change up each and every single law, in order to fit your socialist agenda. Only showing the bad light of each and every one, and one more thing you did was hiding graphs. You didn't show the growth rate of GDP per capita of farmers in Bihar as compared to those in Punjab. Bihari farmers' income are growing at an average 13% every since the 2006 reforms, Punjabi farmers since the time have only seen their income grow at an average 1%. Another thing, you didn't include those farmers who said that they would protest had the laws been taken back by the government.
I am just 17 but want to stand with our farmers but the leaders who are having a lot more brain can't see there our issuse,
Wrong interpretation of second law. Ill have to report this video. I am a farmer too. But the laws are for our well-being. I stand by the reforms.
Europe and US forces indian government to stop giving subsides to this farmer to have a fair compition .. Why didnt you think of indian farmers then ..
love to the farmers from Canada
Bjp knows about election side effects.
Congratulations to the farmers, more power to you.
Farmer's are protesting
Very conveniently Vox forgets to mention how many Indian farmers, due to inefficiently run farms, depend solely on government subsidized fertilizer, fuel, electricity, seeds, and the government's unneeded rice purchases to keep them afloat. This cost a lot to Indian tax payers. That money could go to more productive sectors of the economy.
1. Lack of stress on this point that Mandi and MSP is going to remain unaffected by these new laws which was already an act several months, and farmers who wish to sell only to Mandis can continue to do so. The act before becoming a law has not closed any Mandis.
Big victory for farmers 
Every Citizen in a free Country has a democratic Right as do the Farmers!
If the situation of farmers was better before the farm laws then why were they committing suicide?
Hey Trevor, I really appreciate the way you bring news to people. Being an Indian (living in the US, right now), I still am unclear about the reforms (as everywhere it's only told that the private sectors gain while the farmers lose, which I would stand strongly against if the case be that. But, what I am curious about is the proposed reforms  in detail. Because, more than often in India and the countries alike, the protesters are given a piece of information that's claimed to be legitimate while the Government and the protesters never face off as the injectors of the agenda ensure that there's always a barrier between them so the protests go on for as long as possible) that the protest is against. I'd love to hear a more detailed explanation of this from you, so that everyone knows what it really is and acts accordingly.
86% of farmers in India are small farmers and they cultivate 46% of total crop area of our nation.
Sister, can we make a  team to support farmers....I have ideas to make farmers life best.
Than you for support farmer
BJP has no face to win next election without any doubt after that stepping back.
Who are here after farmers are beaten by police 
Its a proud moment of our farmers it was Made a history Proud to be a daughter of a farmer  Congratulations to all farmers my grands and my lovely brother and sisters 
Finally farmers proved who this country belongs to. Kisan EKta zindabad
what? I was almost about to supporting farm laws. Hmm, elections huh!
He is so chilled to roam around nd see now what farmers are going through they are in such a  critical situations.
6. As in india Govt have not provided any good infrastructure to farmers to store their goods the corporates will knowingly carp out in their produces to pay the lowest price they want to pay as farmer cannot keep their goods for long and as days keep passing the produces will start decaying due to no good storage infrastructure they will need to accept what corporates will pay them.
Only 36% of agriculture produce is sold through mandis and that too mainly in punjab and haryana, so we need to actually replicate that system and expand the mandi system elsewhere, while leaving the farmers at mercy of private player with no safeguards is not the solution.
I want to thank to those media who supported farmers including Akash,Dhruv,NDTV(specially Ravish),the wire etc.
WITHOUT MANDI SYSTEM IN PUNJAB ONLY MORE THAN 2 MILLION PEOPLE WILL BE UNEMPLOYED.
I don't know what these farmers r protesting for, even Supreme Court has rejected their plea. 
I support farmers, people are now believing that farmers are being paid by the higher parties of India and Canada. One question for those people who believe this, if this is so then why didn't our PM Narendra Modi care to go to talk to them and to hear what they wanted, why wasn't a press conference held in a situation like this. Because our PM is an utter failure and he won't be able to face any of the question of the media.
2. It's a fact that around 14% of farmers are able to sell produces at MSP. This means, 86% of farmers are not protected by MSP. Does the farmer protests make any difference? 
Sir, Can you explain why Bihar Farmer income is one of the lowest if APMC meanance is removed?
Punjab was not a place suitable for farming at any point in history. It became so because of modern irrigation facilities leftover by British Raj and less prone to natural disasters like cyclone, drought, etc. since it was fed by perennial rivers.
This is the power of common people. BJP is scared they will loose the elections in the country if these laws are not repealed
Its all Tikait, TMC, Shiv Sena and Congress's doing! These B teams of BJP dint do shit...
Your 1st title  on farm bills was : end of democracy . But for this video
And when farmers don't get ample water they look for politicians to bail them out.
sorry for those farmers who r celebrating.till date none proposed a better law for betterment of farmers. Are these REAL farmers thinking. I see only politics.
Making the farmer suffered is like torturing your own stomach .
However, for wheat and paddy to reach the maturity levels of milk there is a need for massive investment in infrastructure. Investment in infrastructure will happen by private parties only if hoarding laws are amended. There is a need to build massive infrastructure and link it all up all the way to the farmers doorstep. 
Lol bhashan dera repealing farm laws.....  Election jo ara 
Modi govt should repeal black laws
As for farm laws, more vetting is indeed required, but regulation can also be brought on in increments by state or center, as and when needed. Making conclusions right away without presenting any strong rationale or even giving any space to people supporting these laws, would not help improve/ vet these reforms or help those farmers which need it the most.
Instead of helping farmers to improve their degrading condition, government is passing such deteriorating bills against the farmers!
Thank you so much Farmers of our country, for not losing your dignity and self respect...
Since when did 'Farmers' start keeping swords?
4. Delivery of produce is the responsibility of sponsor not farmer
Thanks lallantop news sallute for farmer biography video 
#we stand with farmer
I think the government failed miserably to communicate such a radical change to the  farmers most affected. It's not the first time though (Demonetization being other example). However just because an arrangement existed for several years, it doesn't become right. Industrious farmers of Punjab and Haryana has done it in the past and given right help, they can master any other crop than just Wheat/Rice. I understand their fear of losing negotiating power and MSP for a crop that ends up rotting in FSI storage. But with a government not crippled by divisional regional politics, this is a good time as any to reform this sector and avoid debt ridden FSI. I just wish this was done taking these people in confidence (or it so appears to a commoner like me).
Mr. Rathee , can you explain why those bills were not in favour of all the indian farmers not a particular segment of society.  Opposing a party is not bad but opposing the decision which could bring prosperity to farmers is irony.
these farm laws could have been better with debate and participation of farmer leaders but doing such protests are just for political gains and benefit a niche section of farmers and not the majority of farmers who really need these laws for a better life and get out of this nexus of middle man and private lenders who suck their blood and  prosper in current situation for which they finally won and a common farmer lost..
Even if farmers were allowed to sell their products to anyone.. They will still be at the mercy of those 'private' traders. Eliminating APMC isnt the solution, as both APMC and private sector traders will have the same result.
Don't play with farmer
Shareaam jhooth bolte ko sharm nahin aati Bjp people are raktjivi chandajivi Dangajivi jhoothjivi jumlajivi rssjivi corporatejivi They should be ousted otherwise they will sell the country to corporates
Vikas divyakriti sir made a video which is much more exhaustive. If someone wants to know even deeper, please watch vikas divyakriti sir video on farm bills.
Contract farming is optional, trading goods at any other part of the country is also optional. So, If you think maximum number of farmers are opposing the laws then don't do contract farming ( No need to worry about losing land) , sell your goods to APMCs only (No need to worry about the buyer). 
Farm bills ke baare me toh Bata diya farmers kio protest kr rhe hai ye toh btate toh maante bhi ground reality. https://youtu.be/aohVv234fLY ek Baar farmers ka point Jaan lo
Sikhs of the world u are lions of india do not back down stand ur ground demand khalistan
Farm laws should have been repealed by a different govt. This is a dangerous precedent.
2 question.    Do you know ye bill BIHAR me 2005 se allready ha waha kitne rich farmer rehte ha 
India's Farming System is Failing Because :
Good decision by modi , as this was dividing the nation, caa and nrc should be repealed as well, also repeal kashmir law. we need to unite our citizen and focus on china threat . We also need to make good relations with our neighbors so we can fight the biggest threat to us and that is china.
I have gone through farm bill and talked to many farmers and cooperates... And I feel that these laws are wrong which will diminish farmers, aadhatiya and many persons who work. Many will be unemployment. 
I think petrol and diesel are not on the essential list. Farmers don't grow them so there is no protest.
It's really a tregedy that people did not understand . India doesn't need reform , let us mantain status quo , hope that from now onwards no farmer will commit suicide and if ever a farmer commits suicide then let's these leaders ie , priyanka gandhi , Akhilesh Yadav , kejirwal etc come forward to take the responsibility , India has decided to remain in the last century in farming sector
Whereas a farmer who is not allowed economy of scale by law is supposed to produce food at internationally competitive price.
seems like he is going to drop MSP demand. In all previous interviews MSP was mentioned first but this time MSP was only mentioned once that too was a 2nd demand. Will be interesting to see how things will unfold from here.
Did u ask why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana r protesting?  Not from other part of the country.
Farmers in delhi are lions of india do not back down stand ur ground
Wondering why only Punjabi are protesting , India has 30 states and there are many more farmers in other states who are not protesting,  the bill can be withdrawn from Punjab while rest of the states can decide at assembly level
Well farmers can't read and once big companies enters into direct contracts with the farmers the middle men stop making money. Lots of rich people have a lot to lose. But eventually these rich companies might just screw the farmers... Best case is the famers form cooperatives and negotiate in bulk.
Meanwhile Indian media blaming Pakistan for these protests. They call it a separation movement started by Pakistan.
It was started by "Rahul Gandhi" during september'2020 when he drove tractor rally from state of "Haryana & Punjab"
Farmer is correct . ..
600 million number is misleading... it is the population directly or indirectly dependent on agriculture... not the number of farmers.
In Punjab Rich farmers , Dalits , OBC s all get free electricity . But not a single paisa relief  is given to Physically Handicapped Punjabis .
Kissan ekta Zindabad.. Sarkar sharm kare. We all fully support our farmer protest.. Sada haq ethe Rakh.. Jai kissan,, bycott jio prodect and bycott Modi media. Pls wake up people s. And support farmer s
Did you know that the State of Punjab rejected the new farm laws in their State back in October? Meaning, these new laws are not even applicable in Punjab. 
Ok. You yourself said that big farmers are taking advantage of  msp and not small farmers. Dude this is a paid adv or atleast a explanation by someone who does not understand basic economics. These are all speculations, currently farmers are suffering, one has to do something, none of the protesters suggested other good laws which can change farmers current plight
Are sister Bo 8.5% to farmers kito jatithina
Congratulations  to our Farmers
The bill I'd bad for the farmers in the long run but good for multi nationals and these dirty shame less politicians
so many pro-BJP Indians in the comments.
What's about legal rights of farmers in case of Contract farming?
protesting farmers, khalistanis & terrorists.
Msp was never a law. So the farmers can be fucked over whenever the govt wants. Indian govt is procuring too much of some crops (sitting and rotting in gowdown. It happened to come in use cause of covid) so india offering the msp for certain crops is skewing incentives and these northern states are cultivating crops not suited to that land (rice takes too much water)  at scale. 
Farmers are of the view that the reforms were made only for the benefit of the few and they were going to suffer the most as a result of such reforms.
It was happened with farmer is very crucial way now in india it is seen like that humanity isn't present here 
You passed these bill without discussion. You repealed these bill without discussion. How can people understand what your real intention is? Parliament is the biggest means of communication.
Love you our sikh brothers from azad kashmir.india's big problem is Modi.he is uneducated and tea seller he font know ho to do government.ksi educated ko PM bnawo jo india ma toilet bnai, sab community ko equality de,gareebon ki help kry.
The biggest culprits of this country are andhbhagats & whole country including our Farmers are suffering. Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan 
And that's how modi broke his back now everyone will protest for whatever they want. Khalistanis will protest for Khalistan ,similarly for for A370 ,rapists, murderers, thiefs, scanners, zehadis everyone will change the law and get whatever they want just by protests. FIRST LOST IN 4TH GEN WARFARE. for the berojgars let's protest for 1-2 years and we will get high paid govt. Jobs
1.4 million people are well aware of the new farming laws and farmer protests thanks to this video. Hopefully it wont stop here
Thanks , ur video is very helpfull to understand the concept of this farmer bill2020.
India needs to take care of its farmers. They are dying because of psychopathy of the Modhi regime. Also India needs to respect women and girls because child rape is rife. Another problem is the caste system. India needs to abolish the caste system as it's discriminatory to the Dalit populations. Another problem India has is the open defecation cultural habit which causes virus like the Delta variant.
Ohhhh dude, goverment is not going to close those mandi here in India currently farmers can only sell their produce through mandi only government is just giving them the options where they can use multiple options for their product or select the best option. Please read that d*m law.
Well done Trevor !! by ignoring what's actually written in the bill and presenting a narrative of the bill from the protestors' side . And i wonder what "Greta the great" has to say about stubble burning , heavy groundwater extractions , etc by the same farmers ... The water intensive crops grown in Punjab and Haryana isn't good for the soil ... intensive groundwater based irrigation leads to deterioration of quality of soil , making it alkaline which will ultimately result in zero farming activities.
10lakh plus farmers in that protest u have wrong information
I am here after BJP winning four states after this so called farmers protest
90 % farmers with modi govt decision.
Sir you're the best CM in my India thanks sir for support farmers 
Congress can't mislead the people of Punjab for long. Thanks Modiji for this gift on Guru Purab.
We knew it, these farmers will pay the ultimate price
Why does this documentary end so abruptly? Eight minutes is not enough to give a factual & holistic overview of the picture even though what was being said was concise and compact. Define a Farmer. Talk about Direct Benefit Transfers, Loan Waivers and Investments in Agricultural Sector. Hopefully there's going to be a second video to finally "explain" the great Indian Farmer Distress!
It is done by those who were hell bent on defaming farmers by calling them khalistani and traitors. NIA  can ask there bosses who planned it and save tax payers money.
Very logically explained. I will say that only 2 major reforms are needed to help farmers.
3. Government requested to discuss the law as per points,  where the issue is.  Protesting farmers rejected the offer and want complete scrap of law. 
Ye jo bargaining h iske liye bargaining power honi chahiye... Ik company 1 month foreign se import v kr skti h prr jo farmer ne loan p 6 mahino se fasl ugaayi wo apni fasl ko bechne pr mjboor hota h agr usne fasl na bechi to bank maar dega ... Issi baat ka fayda vapari uthayega for sure ki kisaan ko bechni pdegi fasl apni nhi to fasl khraab ho jayegi..
He has nothing about farmers just to spread false propaganda about BJP and promote AAP, but then to I AM NEUTRAL
How can a common man contribute to farmers?
There are lots of informative videos wich gives you entire information about kishan protest why are you seeking for Indian news if you are all well known what is Indian news and media. like Unaccademy videos for burning topics
Contact farming exist and it is not viable for a farmer to fight legally, hence are exploited. 
Now indian farmers would earn equaivalent to American farmers now 
To Save  UP  election  Modi is acting like Ballain
I am deeply involved in agriculture and farm revolution was required to strengthen our agriculture. But sadly, it is impossible to explain the benefits of farm laws to some of our farmers. To make a person understand the benefits of law, education is very important. Very sad.
First thing first agriculture doesn't come under central government. So why central government cunningly made these laws quickly in covid and pass it without consulting farmers. Jawaab do mere Bhai? Kush to daal me kala hai k daal hi kaali hai? 
Completely stand with my farmer brothers and sisters!
We stand with farmers they are fighting their battle with all their bravery, More power to our real heros, our farmers 
Salute All Indian Farmers 
I come from an India where standup comedians repeatedly mock the traditions and culture of one particular religion.
I hope farmers aren't cheated and they get their honest share, for all the hardwork and efforts they've been putting all these years.
Sir, with all due respect, At one point u are saying farmer will do online trading whereas in dispute and settlement section u r saying farmer will sign or thumbnail ! I mean how it's even possible that the person who dont even know how to sign how u aspect him to do online trading ?
750 poor meek farmers has brutally killed by fascist modi. Bjp has to be uprooted...
Shameless police in Delhi I love farmers and respect farmers
Ab desh ko ek hokr in kisano k name pr gundda grdi krne walo k khilaf action lena hoga nito ye desh brbad krne wale h yhi inka main aim h plz support your government and honest your country...
love this revolutionary farmer against bigcorporation! thank you for protect your land from the predators!
Full support to all famers from BIHAR state of India
A big salute to our farmers 
Shaheedi kaise bevkoofian hai Shame on these fake protesters #Support Farm Bill ,Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan
Proud to be a punjabi and a farmer 
Respected sir, I had watched a lot panel discussion and opinions from tv shows and news channels, got nothing...had also read and tried to understand the new farmers law but can't got its all aspects.but in the way you have explored the things undoubtedly I got every word. This took lot of time to you for making this video...its your devotion and dedication towards teaching to every one.. salute to u sir..!
Can the government again pass farm bills  if they  win in the upcoming elections?
As you mentioned, MSP wasn't legal (enforceable) even before these 3 bills. Yes, adding it would make these bills better.
Wow. Punjabis from foreign countries are protesting for Indian farmers.. The new farm bills will modernize the national. Are only Western farmers allowed to be modern?
Zee news pahle bahut achhe se news dikhati thi.. par abb modi Media Bannn gayi...
Best Explanation given on Farm Bills
Climate change is already happening, so I think farmers demand for MSP is valid. As worst effect of climate change will happen on agriculture. So do farmers have to bear losses due to climate change alone, while we all are responsible for it?
Dear vox your homework on this matter is incomplete you have only made the video focusing on one side the protest. As of now the government had more than a dozen of talks with the farmers and has agreed to the amendments they have put forth, but these farmers changed their mind and were adamant to repeal these three laws towards which government dont agree and stands strong. I think you should have even covered this part too.
It was a victory for Indian farmers, but it was a national failure
.MADAM  BOLNE   DO   TERE    SIR  PE  BAITHE   HAI  KISAN   KYA  TERE   PASS   HAI  LOGIK   HAI   MADAM  RAJ  NATH  KISAN  UNION   KE  STAGE   PER   BOLE  JAB  VIPAKS  ME  THE   B J P  KE  BASHA   AGREED I     THULUYE     GOD I  MEDIA    ANDOLAN  TERE   BAP  KA  NEHI  JAB  KISAN  KA  MAN  HOGA  TO  JAYEGA
why dont farmer unions start food poricessing themselves and get better benefits, start retail stores directly in towns and cities and sell for higher prices where in there will be more employment for ppl from rural areas.
Agr ye protest successful nhi hota to kisano pr to bht mushkil aayegi hi or saath hi saath hum sb pr bhi bht mushkil aayegi.  Ye corporations bht saste mai crop khreed kr hme ani mrgi se bht high prices pr degi or ultimately har person pr is protest ka asar hoga. I think we all should stand with farmers because firstly they grow crops and feed us and nation, still they are struggling for their existence today, also fighting for us. How cheap their(govt.) thought process is who are just exploiting the people who are feeding us just to make profits for corporations how corrupt they are! They have negative level of humanity. Zero intentions to do for betterment of common people.
Modi government need to support farmers in many ways not only what the panjab farmers asking right now.
As farmers they have atleast their own land.
I am Farmer & I support my Brotherhood (Farmers)
Sir what about the mandi tax which a licensed trader has to pay in an APMC, wont neo-liberalism attract more private traders beacuse they wont have to pay this tax in an APMC, thus catering towards the downfall of APMCs.  So now farmers will still have the MSP but there chances of selling at a profit at APMC will reduce, but before these ordinances they had a safety net of MSP while also a chance of making good profits. Now because private traders will move out farmers cannot be certain of getting that MSP. I just had a this small doubt
Still he is not fully accepted that the bill is completely wrong. Still blaming the farmers on the name of few farmers. Any way congratulations farmers !!!
Unfortunately some negative forces do exist in the country.  Khangress is one of them. PM MODI is right shield against these forces. Jai hind jai Modi .
You are real Jat boy , who is raising voice for farmers
Hey all... I as a citizen of India respect farmers the most... Without farmers none of us  will hv food on our table.. But farmer's protest in USA, UK or other countries regarding the bills or laws of Indian government makes no sense to me. I request all our farmer brothers and sisters, please come back to our country and take part in the protest process practically.. #Dont_Insult_India_Globally
I hope India Today group has also contributed donations for such humanitarian act, naturally in an indirect way. 
After 9-10 months of the protest being started, I listened to several people on internet and this is by far the most amazing explaination to Farm bills I ever listened/watched. Also I came across this channel a week ago and I must admit the content here is superb. More power to you!
Coming to these farm laws which central govt claiming freedom of trade was already introduced (Like these laws) in bihar state (few years ago) and the result of which the wheat crop prices came down and formers didnt getting back their investiment.
Farmers should understand that they need cops to stop farmers charging. Covid will harm all, not just famers or cops.
This farmer bill is a boon for India farmers, which should have been passed decades ago; better late than never. This whole protest is totally sponsored by Khalistanis, Congress Party and Aam Aadmi Party. Having a close look you can clearly see that only those states are protesting which have Congress government as in Punjab.
They r not farmers
The issue is with farmers from specific states and they have the right to protest . When you quote about farmers suicides but then miss the point that none of the farmers from those states have been protesting, this seems biased. The person that got killed was due to him ramming his tractor into the barricades. You neither mention the specific reason people have been arrested and also fail to mention that there were 8 rounds of negotiation and a proposal to stall the law for 1.5 years, if I am not wrong, to make changes and negotiate. Hope you did your homework a bit more. A lot of Indians are pissed off with the external media coz they do not understand the specifics nor care about it and peddle their own ideology. - https://www.downtoearth.org.in/news/agriculture/every-day-28-people-dependent-on-farming-die-by-suicide-in-india-73194
If government  do not paid  money  crops , right and right time , so why do modi gi more pressure  three bill accept far ,
Well Shri  Ashok Gulati , former Chairmen of CACP ( committee that decides MSP) who is one of the most renowned Agriculture-scientist of our country , has 40 years of  experience , has dedicated his entire life to farmers and worked to improve agriculture   in 30 countries , HE BELIEVES that the laws Will benefit farmers a lot....please have an open mind... Still not convinced - here listen to him yourself.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kr9QpifBrPw&t=293s
Isn't any agrement or deal possible with farmers. If land tenure laws change, they could become state managers of farming or consultants, no ? Understand ?
Only For FARMERS
# The key point the this guy missed is FPO , Farmer - Producer  -Organization which needs to be concurrently taken into this context
I fully support farmers...they r fighting not only 4 themselves bt 4 us also.
During famine the government used or took the help of farmer to stop starvation ,and bringing farmers to this model  now they are not really helping instead trying to contract the land to cooperate and to leave farmers without any viable way
Farmers should not come back.... This is BJP atrocities
The ones who are against the farmers are the ones who are also against food. The ones against farmers' protest are illiterate. Please think before you speak. If you ate today thank a farmer. #istandwithfarmers#kisanektazindabaad
And if farmers for two states. Can get to decide for the rest of the country ?.This is a key point you 
Farmers WERE, ARE & WILL BE the foundational & core asset of Indian Economy. So need to focus on empowering  & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of India  on the global platform.
Govt is giving farmer a choice to sell outside Monopoly of apmc , which encourage investment by private players in Infra and increase efficiency diverse crop production and many other thing but it will break the back bone of class flourishing on apmc setup and political feudal masters who gets their share from the extraction done by rich Lord's who control apmc and have social infleunce like feudal
Thank you lallantop news channel for showing farmers side
If the American audience is rational in nature then, they might want to know why is it that the Punjabi farmers(one of the richest in India) are the only one protesting and not the farmers from central, south, east and rest of India.
Contract farming will not effect the farmers. As u said it is already there in seed industry for the past 30-40 yrs on the name of seed production. U take any   traditional seed production areas in the country, formers will prefers seed production of seed companies than their own traditional cultivation.The reason is, farmers are getting better profits in seed production (i.e contact farming) than traditional cultivation.
Farmers ki 4 th demand smjh n ayi....
Very informative video and fairly neutral. Thanks. Suggest to update the video based on the present scenario, wherein government has given an assurance of MSP. Further, important points are missed out,like the farmer is free to NOT get into an agreement with private entities, who could trap them in legalese. This is a very key point that needs to be stressed, in my opinion. 
But as there was no problem in farm law, non of the farmer was able to tell a single problem in farm law.
Punjab and UP election on way so...
2. Middleman: they provide money to farmers before farmers get there crops for harvesting.  They have managed the market for 60 years. I sell my wheat on 26 march at MSP 1925 and middleman charges 20 rs and rest of labourers in mandi including bags price of 2 rs per bag is cut . In the end i get about 1900 rs per quintel. If i need money i directly go to middleman and take money like 40 50 thousand.  He cuts the money when i sell him crops. It is very beneficial for us . No paperwork, no time waste.
So kindly Respect and Support our Farmers 
the best video on farm bills.. I am sorry that I missed you for this long. Hope to see you go places.. 
0.01% of all of Indias Farmers are protesting, just because there are 250 million doesnt mean they all support the same thing lmao. An extremely small percentage of them are actually protesting western media is trying to amplify the numbers to portray Indian government as oppressing farmers. The BJP government has contributed a great amount to our country in the past 7 years of its administration, than the previous administration did in its first 7 years. Progress is being made, the choice is up to you whether you want to accept it or not. Stay open minded not blinded.
Certainly sponsored by congress or khalistani else it is impossible to organise and arrange such huge qty.of black flags.
Bjp be like. Election aa rahe hai.. Jaldi jaldi sorry boldete hai chalo
One day, only we, the buyers will suffer the most. If the mandis are scrapped off in such a technical way, then the local street vegetable markets would vanish and we would be forced to buy only from malls, paying huge prices.
Farm bills? You mean the Reliance India Farm Bills
It was monumental failure of strategy, tactics and policy on part of government.Government  should have taken broad based approach and taken time to educate the farmers before implementing....
Please explain the farmer laws and how it will effect  badly
Its kind of good decision. Now farmers will understand what they missed. Modi did it for them but if farmers  still  want to remain poor and on the mercy of middle man then god should save them.
Modi ji should come there
Vice didn't even througly  discuss the new farm bills .
Really nice explanation. Thank you for your efforts. Can you please also explain what the new bill is. What is the reason for protests? I am not able to understand how can this bill cause problem for farmers. Thank you.
Sir I am a son of a farmer and I literally cried at the climax of the video
I am actually supportive of the move. Reforms can only happen if BJP remains in power and farmers are a big vote base.
Sorry ambani -adani .....Farmer congratulations
BBC if you don't be fair and transparent in your news reporting people will unsubscribe, please report of the cruelty the farmers are facing every day
Aaj tak , india tv,  abp news , zee news , R  , news netion  ,         
Long live THE INDIA, Long live THE DEMOCRACY, Long live THE FREEDOM, Long live THE DIVERSITY, Long live THE PEOPLE , Long live THE SOLDIERS & Long live THE FARMERS..JAY HO JAY HO JAY HO.
Farmer's Always 
Thanks so much! I hope someone in the farmer's agitation can point this to a common person. Right now they are fighting for majority of the population. Time for everyone else to use their voice!
Farmers lost. Nation lost. Opportunity for Progress lost. Rich landowners won.
I like your way to talk and mostly things is fact mai khud kissan bill ke favour me nhi hu pr ye kah dena galat hoga ki sirf mandir aur masjid ki baat hoti hai desh me development ki baat nhi hoti expressway, new technology bridge, eastern Western fred corridor, smart City, AIIMS, port developed by new way, industrial area now completely based on the side of expressways delhi Mumbai expressway, yamuna expressway ke side me industry area established ki planning ho ya eastern me hamara connectivity bahda ho ya uttrakhand me 4 dham expressway ho ya hamare army areas me road nirman ho kaam to hui hh development ho rahi hai aur aache rate se hui hai ha pr mai samaj sakta hu inka gussa aur jayaj hai mai khud ek kissan ka beta hu aur kissan bill wo sirf commercial way ko soch ke banaye hai torha desh ke kissan ko soch kar bhi banate hamko kab milega uchit mulya fasal ka hamse hi har udyog jura hai aur hamesa se hi ham hi piste hai khaa se ham apne anaz ko store krenge kha se ham quality ka jaisa aapko chahiye uska gurantee lele ye indra devta ya mosam hamare haath me hai kya koi machine torhi na hai to aapka kehna vilkul jayaj hai ha pr ye bhi dekhna prega development hui hai ye bhi ek pehlu hai jhaa government achhaa kaam ki hai wo ki hai ham usko nakar nhi sakte
I'm from a farmer family based in Gujarat.... I was lucky I got a chance to study in Canada and also explore other countries around the world.... Farmers in western countries are making millions and they work through a system that Indian government want's to implement.
Hi Niyu and Abhi, the video was quite informative for someone like me who's not read the bill. Infact all your videos seem to be well researched ones. Keep up the good work and I hope to join the cause in future. For now I wished to ask you how do you guys collect data? I wish to make my masters computer science project on some small tool to help farmers, but I can't find data to get started.
Small  and Medium farmers  take loans for boring tubewells ...
By these agriculture reforms, prices are going to increase which isn't good for middle and poor class people like you n me during this pandemic where people are loosing jobs and businesses. So if farmers are protesting they are indirectly helping us. we all know how private companies work, look at the private hospitals how they have increased the prices of everything from beds to consultation fees during this pandemic and common person can't afford it so privatisation is never good. Govt is taking back seat and handing everything  to private companies, private traders which is going to impact common people because privatisation leads to monopoly. This NDA govt has privatised railways, airports and now agriculture. You might not realize it today but the day will come when you won't be able to do anything so wake up before it's too late.
India is way behind in information warfare....we are loosing information warfare against china and pakistan externally and internally too...we are not able to pass the massage to general public.
This kid is small version of Rakesh Tikait
3. Why is it not mentioned that the protests have been funded by money from Khalistani extremists in Canada and also China and Pakistan?
Why aren't other farmers from other states (except Punjab and Haryana) protesting....and why the REASON for how bill affects such farmers is being presented CLEARLY....
They called us ( farmers ) KHALISTANI that united entire India , without any caste creed or sex 
Why am i saying all these you ask, Its just that i had to share somewhere on how good Punjabi people are and Punjabi Farmers are real gangstas when it comes to their mother and land. 
Being a teacher I wanted to know about farm bills in detail...thanks for giving detail information in such a simple way...thank you sir for making your videos available for common ppl..
Farmer respect republic day and their country property as well as country flags
After listening to this, I am with the farmers. They are the backbone of our economy, they have to be protected. Uphold the APMC method.
If what you say is true, next election Modi loses.
stand up , india farmers , free india !!!
What about dispute between farmer and corporate. How it will help farmers.
I am the son of farmer. I live in Gujarat and I know what happens on farmer when they can't sell their crops somewhere else where they can get more money . Lots of small farmers from Maharashtra send their sugarcane to Gujarat and sell it for sake of more margin. They do it under the table and they give cut money to brokers. 
3. Definition of farmer inculde farmer organisations, coop. societies. So their negotiation power increases.
Stand for our farmers
We care about all section of Indian, regardless thier  religious, cast ....if farmers don't want any reforms in thier life ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems, Let rich aadatia  continiuesly exploit them....but don't blame modi modi..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could have sit together with govt, can ask necessary amendment & suggestions in these reforms or any other bills... instead trying To bow down Modi image.... I believe this farmers big loss of Indian farmers....let's hope one day they will find correct solution... 
ITC has been doing the same with farmers from 50 years in Ongole Andhra. Starbucks
*Farm laws repealed *
Democracy literally means the government of people. If half of the majority are not happy with the act then take it back, that's all we are asking. Indian govt are really acting like a monarch smh
Respect to those who are raising thier voices against this black bill
The farming in India needs  reform but listen to me they need a lots of amendment by the people who are involved in farming (that necessarily dont means farmers only but people in university mastering Agriculture and peoples in authority who will implement the laws correctly)
Only 5-6% farmer sell grains at MSP price.
If any farmer need to sold his things to private companies direct then we do not need this bill anyone can do this. 
Does any one from them is a farmer and know what is the real problem  of So called bills for farmers in India ? No one knows the truth and reality only make hoolingn and political milage .
Very nice talk with clarity and detail analysis of all the three agril. Bills.Hope all the farmers will understand and there will be way out for better. Thanks sir
Is bjp union minister ex congress ? Is he not Bjp now ?
India Today calls this a gift to farmers from PM Modi : ( RIP Gold standard Journalism
Now these farmers should focus on micro agro industries, employment opportunities in agriculture, on agriculture equipment hiring, on production enhancement, agri commodities export, grain warehouses, seeds, fertilizer,water conservation, soil fertility, agriculture education institutes, agro cooperative societies,  instead of leader Giri and their precious time wasting.
Every body listern actual situation of India is very critical... modi tried to sale whole country to relaince.pls support our poor farmers
But with this new ecosystem as you mentioned 1750cr loss would cripple the APMC and won't be functioning well afterwards and your new ecosystem will just take over where they don't have anybody to regulate MSP. will farmers get what they deserve. Ma'am I know it will open market which is great but if govt was unable to provide MSP how would this private thing would just make it concrete by writing in law that MSP will be obligatory and it is this now counting inflation as factor plus for boosting agriculture MSP= MSP + inflation%+ agriculture boost%  for subsequent years or something like that we need assurance we don't want to get exploited 
It's not just ' ' kisaan, farmers if more than  80% were involved in this protest .
Getting frightened of UP election,BJP takes back 3 Farm Laws.Crocodile tears in his eyes.Why now, why not a year back?Ye Public sob janti hai
Farmers are right..There is nothing  wrong in their protest turning  violent..
Farmer Sanjay Singh communication skill nd way of explanation impressive
Any protest supported by Congress should never be taken seriously. Nobody takes take the Cong leader seriously, so all these agitations are just POLITICALLY motivated..
It's a wrong decision, the original members were part of Kisan Andolan, and they wanted to raise the voice of Kisan by joining politics. If they would have won, it would benefit farmers. If MP & MLA only can make and change Laws - then why to separate them. It should be, any MP or MLA can join and share the stage if they believe in Kisan ideology. imagine if all MP who put their profession as Farmers were with the farmers, is sure to strengthen the cause of farmers. So the action and thoughts must change, give stage to political leaders, and let them talk only about Kisan welfare.
Two minutes of laughter for that BJP MLA who lost his underwear when he tried to provoke protesting farmers 
In this video they simple emphasizing the mandi system, if farmers are not getting well paid outside marketa, then they will come to markets only. Dont mislead farmers
How can you say that the traders are formed who that straight connection with the state government..so are you going to say the state government is against farmers...
Why Vox don't explain Swaminathan report 2006 which suggests to liberate farmers from APMC.
Love from Bangladesh to Farmers.
Farming should be a govt regulated busineess done by people with at least minimum amount of land. If people remain poor after being in farming for years they should step away from it, or go get educated to do it better like a business with insurance policies. Govt can't keep throwing money to support poor farming people, who are at the end going to exploited.
Many Anti-Farmers will celebrate..
90%achha bill tha per kisan ne isse reject kar diya gazab
So perfectly explained. Thanks. The politics I've been exposed to has taught me a tip to aid fight against any social exploitations. Promotion of education and promotion of participative politics among common citizens which together empower bargaining power of everyone in spite of which strata of society someone is. It's easily said than done as fighting any injustice is an team sport that we need to practice sitting with real persons having different opinions. Which organization or party you select to practice it doesn't matter as long as the group is neutral to gender, race, creed etc and you are ready to question even the organization you r part of to practice fight against injustice. It's just an opinion out of my learnings and very well debatable.
first of all thank you for showing this video because their many farmers are struggling in NH44 they lose their life they loss their every thing because of this soocall selfish government in india and now india PM says that this are parasite how dare is he this 3 law can destroy each of every farmers and their lands
Jai jawan Jai kishan finally repealed .
its very sus to see ONLY Punjabi  in this protest.  As they are the wealthiest farmers and mandi lords in India.  
Thanks to NDTV to stand with farmers
If Modi is doing everything to fight against Muslims (20%), Hindus (75%) will also suffer. That means... Those who praise him are creating pit for themselves.....
This law will eventually finish all APMCs mandi which decides the msp rate & the rate forms the basis of rate comparison outside mandi. Bt when mandis will start collapsing, the private player will then decide the rate of crops & exploit them.
Under the blanket of COVID pass every unethical bill as no protests will take place because of Social Distance ,BJP be like  Karr lo jaldi jaldi jitna ho jayee utna jaldii 
Even the farmers can join and form cooporatives .
If indian farm is failing then india is failing.. we can't eat money, technology,bullets, vehicle road.. no body able to find alternative of food..
So basically if farmers got 10 rs for their crops that minister got 200 rs. 
Now government ought to have made its vision clear and  made the farmers aware to a larger extent of the long term policy and not acted on the consent of a select few...
Problem is population. small farmers are small becoz previous generation had 10 sons for 50 acre of land and now they have 2 acres in 3 sons. Farming cant feed so many ppl on a small piece of land. You have to value add in it or to give smone who is more sufficient in it by use of scientific methods of growing crops
Can experts here tell me point wise the benefits of these laws for farmers and also address the apprehensions of the farmers ????????????
You guys need to set the context right. only farmers of two states are protesting. And they arent rich becaus eof goverment oversight. they are rich because these states have better water and other resources for farming compared to stated like bihar. also, bihar farmers arent poor because of the free market access.
Thanks a lot for making this vedio and need of the hour is to share it among others so that every one will have a clear idea about this bill.
RAKESH TIKAIT  HI  TRACTOR  CHLAINGE  IN SHA ALLAH  SRI RAM JEE MANDIR JALD BANAO CHAMPAT RAY MURDABAD GHOTALA BAZ SULTAN ANSARI KO GIRAFTAR KARO BHARAT MATA KI JAI  PM SAHAB MSP QANOON LAGU KARO   BABA GHULAM ALI JAULA MUZAFFAR NAGAR ZINDABAD
I am in Pune wish I would have been in Delhi to serve my Kisan brothers in any small way as I am born in Delhi I know how Strong are my Punjabi Bhai They are Lions
Superb explanation brother. You made the confused topic look so easy n understandable. If MSP is ignored, it will only be the corporate families n the corrupt government who will be benefited. N we consumers & farmers will end up exploited and looted and helpless.
Good job Trevor . We're in solidarity with the protesting farmers.
May god bless the farmers ! May justice prevail. Prayers and love from Goa. 
9th concept of assured income is going to come in near future not only for farmers but for every one...please read about Universal Basic Income...but govt have to decrease its wasting of money to implement this
But, Now the protest is just to stop BJP government from reforming INDIAN AGRICULTURE.
Capital punishment of  Ashis mishra and others,  long live UNITED farmers movement,  boycott Ambani Adani's Government everywhere in INDIA
Needless to say the weather, the plant saplings and greed is few of the causes why Indian farming system failing.
Why farmers are protesting
This is the half story. There are a lot of flaws like the interference of middlemen, etc in the previous system which will be lifted by these reforms. The way the older system is described does not work as smoothly in reality and the majority of the overseeing authority is corrupt which take supplies from farmers at exceedingly lower cost price. My uncle has been a victim of this. It's not 'devastating' as mentioned. There are some changes that are requested by the farmers which are being worked on by the government. There are peaceful protesters and then others a politically driven people driving a lot of this, people who are not even genuine farmers. It would have been great if both sides of the story would have been covered.
Ofcourse the bill was never passed in a democractic manner. And if the farmers themselves don't want this bill, who the fuck are these politicians to enforce this on them. Our common people should indeed support our farmers first and not the government coz they never think about us.
Farmers to Indian people :- Acknowledge us.
Contracts with pepsi and other agro businesses will improve the overall agri chain ...u see farmers will get better seeds...minimum insurance amount....and more profitable farm products........indian farmers are stuck with rice and wheat when are they gonna experimnet on cultivating different products...that might grow in india....and which are profitable......when a company approcahes a farmer to cultivate say avocados in india....the company bores the research and  risk of the crop failure .....and if the crop is a sucess in india....do u think neighborhood farmers would sit still...they would also grow avocados.....a new product in market and one more choice to farmer
Farmers deserve to make a living. Dont let the rich take everything like they have in America. Big business put the little farmers out of their land. Bought them up.
Sir again here is a point comes how farmers can put there problem in front of government because starting of protest against bill is a logical  but now this protest taking face of political angel so how farmers can get benefit and I think some where there is a lake of information between farmers should government take serious meetings or campaigns to  analyzi the situation of farmers what is the main problem behind the protests or any other miss constipation if every think is clear then what is the problem and then what will be the permanent and satisfactory solution for small and large farmers ?thank you sir and ma'am for the video it I'll help lots of people who only see one side and making decisions this will help to know more about farmer condition hope farmers get best what they deserve  .
There are several protections for the smaller farmers to prevent land grabbing and corporatization.  Again, the MSP aspect protects the farmers from any contract price set by big players through contracts or mandi sales. This is a very progressive bill and surely sets out to benefit the farmers who can look outwards to benefit and expand their operations provided some clauses are put in place to prevent abuse.  Case in point is the benefit to Kashmiri apple farmers from MSP and purchase of apples by NAFED.
Government is doing this not to benefit the farmers..... but to pay back corporates who have funded election rallies and MLA/MP purchases... otherwise government has no incentive to meddle in a subject which comes under the state list.....
Now those farmers who are in support of this three Law should come out in street in protest of Modiji's decision.
First of all a request to the media houses - please do not term the people who died or those who are protesting as "Farmers". Verify their antecedents. Don't jump to conclusions
Dalal  would tell the rates to farmers and farmers will have to sell as per Dalal rate
Mam pls be lil practical these black laws wont benefit our farmers but will surely help the corporates
I thought Vox support Free market enterprise model, msp is just opposite from it. Infact WTO is asking India from a very long time to get rid of it. One last thing, FICCI  govt enterprise which  buys selective goods at msp from farmers (that too only under 10% nationally) is in soo much debt, bcuz it have to buy goods in humongous surplus.
If these acts do not affect the farmer in any way, and in fact only provides them with an additional option to sell their produce outside the market THEN WHY ARE THEY EVEN PROTESTING?
Ive been following the whole kisaan andolan progress, please farmers should continue to protest peacefully, government are sending people to create violences, to bring division among the united farmers, for all these days the protest was peaceful, we dont know how and where these provocations are coming from, but as per videos and leaders, they are government people... One message: Farmers should stay UNITED!
Withdrawl of farm law leads a defeat of BJP(anti -national party) and winning of truth jai hind 
Thanku  #bbc for covering true thanku ur are not like #godimedia thanku for understand farmer pain
Why they are not showing pizza eating farmers, mercedes g class riding farmers
Not explained sub sections of all bills about 70% sections are against producers and consumers
We need to support the farmers of our country...we should also raise our voice against these ordinances to protect them from  exploitation. If not now then when their demands will get fulfill, they are still suffering in our country because of some bad policies of our government.
I dont know why some youtubers totally support BJP and some totally hates them. And please please put forward both the ideologies in both the aspects so that there is no misconception in the audience.
Farmers have to learn new modern techinique for farming like in isreal austrilia and Canada 
Are we residing in free india .  They don't want talk on education system , health infrastructure , jobs . Agriculture ( farmers k bache to kheti karte ni.  Jo kr rahe hai unhe to karne do)
Mandi group head and congress groups are culprit for this
This condition going wrong because of uneducated PM who is non huminity idiology...his not responding on any violence....207 farmers lost there life's also hes on silent mode
Yhe kishan curfew nhi hai sarkar curfew hai
Farmers are right and modi wrong
80 % of  farmers who were small and non-violent were defeated, and remaining 20% of rich and rogue farmers have won. VERY UNFORTUNATE  .
killing farmers is crime and criminal has to be punish
The key point you have not addressed is why only farmers of two states are protesting. 
Always be together brothers  punjab and haryana you guys are real power if you are together
When any farmer need money for daughters marriage they demand from artees (who purchase grains in mandi). If this law passes than who will help them? If govt. really want to help farmers than simply rise MSP. These laws are for ambani Adani not for farmers so please #supportfarmers
4. Why can't we promote better FPO/FPC to empower farmer to make better deals rather than always saying that a farmer can't negotiate ???
I remember a picture of a farmer in jantar mantar carrying a scull of a dead farmer. Our government on the other hand is sitting on its ass.
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany  . These big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne..
After the video- why r only farmers protesting; why r common citizens not protesting
#FarmersProstests
2. APMC mandi is not a farmer's market (mandi). 2nd act will not help the very small farmers like vegitable farmers. Who sells their product in farmers market. But most of the sale is done in APMC mandi via auction and every knows how the licence holders exploit them.
Only Punjab, Haryana and western UP have MSP thats the reason they are protesting. 
shame to be indian our Prime minister narendra modi has to agree with the terms of the farmers its been around 2 months millions of farmers are gathered in capital city delhi against the law made by our govt
3. Unless there is a specific solution to protect small and marginal farmers, the protest is just political and is an expression of opposition to the Government  at the centre. The Centre may not achieve much by following the dictates of the bill, though, they may not create more harm to the small and marginal farmers than what is being experienced  by them now.
They r nt farmers
I'm an Indian and let me tell u the way it started was awesome, but it's more of a political thing then the real issues of our farmers
Govt. Should also try to educate farmers of all these things
Feel proud of being an lndian made possible by our farmers especially the punjabi farmers in the forefront
This is only and only politics nobody cares for those farmers at all just politics where were they till now and does the life of only those farmers matters what about the merciless killing of other four human beings?????
3 . Nishan sahib ji also flagged on the lal kila on 11 march celebration of sikh raaj concoed victory on mougals where no Hindus to change their religion against their will and emperor orangjeb throne was taken to golden temple amritsar by Nihang singh soldiers. 
From this video to your analysis in the dumb questions to farmers video, your growth in understanding this topic is historic.
We must develop and promote sustainable agriculture. That is not in debate (or at least it shouldn't be). But that's not just as simple as "well plant more stuff, dummies!" We need systematic solutions that may involve some unsavory things. Like.. Mass industrialization and centralization of farming in certain areas, which would wipe out a lot of farmers and force them into new professions but would allow large scale adoption of farming practices (hopefully better ones at that). That's not politically popular, though. Anywhere.
This  not came from the farmers family if he is from the farm family he never block the road for farmers
The bill is not bad. Farmers are not wrong. A negotiated solution is possible that will benefit the farmers. The bill is FOR them
Why because farmers fear that MSP might be reduced not immediately but slowly.
We should spot the farmers because everyone's. Eat food
Congrats to our dear farmers. 
 Farmer cannot produce as a uniform product; A quality product they going to purchase .
Why your all VDO's are for BJP or against BJP...
We Support farmers...
I live in India and I feel even I needed to see this. I hope this makes it clear to those modi bhakts who are blindly trusting modi with quite literally everything. (He's a human capable of making mistakes, not a god - no matter how much he styles himself as one)
Farmers of only 3 states wish to stay poor. Let them
. Sadly in Punjab, new Farm Laws were also being given a communal colour .
Salute to farmers
Except Punjab & Haryana Farmers ! Rest Of India Support Farm Bills !
#istandwithfarmers
India needs a new leader before it is too late. Poor farmers.
Because agent fears that farmer will be independent to sell their produce to any one in any where in India as well as Farmers also have options to sell their produce to mandies
Ur video is just like"Small packet big bang"it really make my all concepts related to this farm bill clear nd also make me able to ponder about the reasons why farmers are protesting. 
This protest is just for punjab election..if u don't like scrap in state government..y u problem to others...
Hey trevor ... ik i'm gonna get some hate replies on this comment or things but jsyk everyone around the world supports farmers from anywhere and even us indians respect them but when you throw light on such a major topic you need to show both the sides of the coins ... you just can't stop after explaining the farmer's view ... what about the laws .... ik you ain't exactly declaring your support for the farmers but its exactly clear. The farmers are not ready to have a peaceful conversation with the government.These laws will indeed improve efficiency of the Indian markets. It is known that the farmers have misinterpreted the laws till some extent.The main cause why the public is angered at the farmers is because when after months of lockdown the city had opened up and was getting functional , the farmer protests though peaceful at first locked up the city till some level again.
We from punjab request you to come in Punjab for future election. Main leader must be kejriwal sir.
.Mandis have been encroached by the mod brokers. If anyone will physically move to a mandi and observe the process more than 90% of the people who actually decide the price are not farmers. They are the rich and powerful brokers who trade in the mandis introducing themselves as farmers.
This law will benefit every Indians particularly low income. Those farmers rioters thinking of their own interest.
Why do people see which political party put out these bills , just see how helpful it is for farmers.Finally they are actually are happy.{i love this bill}
Always respect to all farmers 
I am no BJP supporter (not after the way they treated AP after division).
Btw I also belong to a farmer family in neighbouring state
Farmers know what is good for them...govt jitna jaldi smjhe utna hi acha h iss bat ko.... And what was the need to pass such controversial bills  during a pandemic? Govt wanted to take advantage of the situation, they thought they would be able to suppress protests.....they were wrong....they forgot punjab is the land of Bhagat Singh...
I feel shame because of Modi and Godi media .
Being a farmer doesn't allow to disrespect law !
You knows all about farming than farmers!!!!
Modern agro industry can easily feed the world, but it's an industry that depends on economies of scale and efficiency and it cannot provide a decent living standard to large number of low skilled laborers. Of course, it's possible to feed yourself and maybe your family with hippy style farming, but then who is going to feed the world and where will you get money for modern living standards? It doesn't really work. Reality is that modern world does not need so much labor in farming anymore and indeed people must look elsewhere for employment. India has tremendous potential for industrial output, the tricky part is getting the people from fields to factories. It's complicated for many reasons.
Everyone must watch this session for truth of kisaan Bill
Salute to all the farmers ... 
Farmers: Nah Bro. I want middlemen to set my price. Oh and also I want the state govt to take some of the profit.
Already several other companies are doing contract farming ,and It is good for farmers, if more companies are coming there will be more demand.
The model he is talking about is in implementation in wasi in Maharashtra and Bihar this pro corporate representative is an ignoramus person because he is not aware the model he is advocating is already in existence in Bihar and Wasi in Maharashtra and the farmers are in worst condition persons like him are impediments in the road to Welfare State
But the government  is not ending the MSP system. The opposition is lying  to the media ,thus creating a sense of fear among the farmers. Btw  loved your video , finally  I can understand  the whole  thing  .
.Companies will never get monopoly because we are seeing in e-commerce, there's no monopoly, companies are always competing to attract more customers, this automatically benefits farmers as well. 
The best thing for farmers is to work with scientists to develop real working solutions that is GM crops (proper gm not just blasting radiation or dunking seeds in chemicals like organic seed companies do) and better safer synthetic pesticides
You're showing only the farmers side of the things. What about how these laws would help other regular citizens?
The Canadian Punjabis (Above 50%)  are khalistani supporters. The farm bill hass some flaws i agree but only few these thinks about farmers and i support them. But i don't support those who are supporting khalistan. Jai kissan 
Down to this pathetic system against Farmers...
Thank you very much sir for clearing the douts... i will spred this understandings to my farmer friends
Please form a political party with name KISAN MAZDOOR PARTY INDIA and participate in MP elections and also in different states assembly elections like Punjab 2022 and Haryana. Be your own boss rather than looking towards corrupt traditional parties. If aam admi party can form govt in Delhi then why can't you. After independence this is first time so many people from different states gathered under one umbrella, so try to avail this golden opportunity. If Kisan can manage this Dehli Morcha peacefully and properly why can't they run a country.
very good work. please try to make video on how Indian mandis work right from buying crops from farmer to selling of items to end consumers. and how this huge differences in rates of items arises between these two points.
2. It means,  free market! Any one sell any agriculture product to any one. But farmers will not get any government support?! 
2. Who will give monetary helps to farmers relatives, nearest and dearest who died in this period
YYADAV and RAKES Tiket  both are dhurts and liabilities for Kissans and India . Kejriwal fit for them. Thanks please
Small and marginal farmers with less than two hectares of land account for 86.2% of all farmers in India.
These new agri. laws are not feasible in india. First india has so much population and there are so many small farmers. USA has only big farmers as well as less population.  USA Govt. provide subsidy for farmers survival. They provide subsidy to farmers if you would not grow any crop too. India govt. need to make MSP( minimum support price) as a law to held govt. accountable for same. Farmers have a right to get minimum price for crops like getting minimum wage. Thank you!
After a long suffering of the farmers and great loss of life only he could take it. It is also only election maniya.  People please don't become fools. 
as @ ECONOMIST STUDENT .....this is big setback for india .......56inch chest broken.......#COWERD_MODI
owners of agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for
Just a suggestion to new laundry. When you make jokes about Modi or Bhakts, you actually detach a huge chunk of population out of the conversation making them immediately close the video. There are people who idolize him, so if you want to engage and change their perception so that their voting behaviour becomes more rational, you gotta make your videos more inclusive. Jibes of"bhakt" will only make them even more polarized. This message also goes to each and everyone reading it. Engage not confront. After all, irrespective of our ideologies, we share one common thing, that is love for India.  Jai hind :)
Congratulations to the farmers. The rest can go cry 
8:34 MSP assurance is there sir but are the farmers getting MSP in the mandi. You only mentioned that around 94 percent farmers are not benefited by MSP. First of all the govermnment should take steps to assure MSP to all the farmers [not only farmers of few states].
Finally i found the Best explanation for these Farm Bills problems. 
Dear sir please make a video why government withdraws these farm bill
Instead of burning what method US farmers use?
Framer just want minimum msp so can know who much they can get from weat or rice  they not need middle person  minimum msp will help them so. Other person will not make ther weat  or rice price according to their wish  its simple thing they want
It was hard to determine what type of crops will be or may be grown by farmers.
as usual...no discussion with ministers, no committee, no consultation with experts, no meeting with farmers... just come on TV and announce it,
What about farmers from MP, Maharashtra, UP, Rajasthan? They go in the dust bin, I guess.
   c. Other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess and they charge only commision 
Guys your video is really good...But i belong to a farmers background and i am keeping a active watch on the protest from Bengal..But as i know the bills are the most favourable to co-operate families like Ambani's...As u have said in your video that there should be people who will make the farmers understand the contracts so what if the one who explains the contract is also bribed by the rich and due to this suppose if in the contract the time period in the contract for example 5 years and the one explaining says it as 3 years then the farmers will not be able to work in his own field freely which his ancestors have made by working day and night...
I'm a son of a farmer from punjab and farmers are protesting in almost every city in punjab and haryana and no media is covering this.
And in this period mandis will be gone for long because for the time when companies will give good price better that government to farmers, farmers will sell there crops to private companies mandis or apmc will be empty and after time it will be completely gone
the way the indian gov. has treated the farmers in the last 3 decades is enough to see the burocrats burning
It's not the farmers but the middle men and politicians who control apmc's won. Big farmers specially in the three northern states are responsible for the ecological crisis. They are the ones who make most of the government subsidies on electricity, fertilizers and pesticides. They basically control entire villages. 1st they opposed land reforms with their caste lobbies then they basically forced the government to rely solely on HYV seeds and subsidies to make India self-sufficient in food production and now with this nonsense protests they have set back Indian farming another 30 years. Those farm laws were need of the hour to reduce rising government bill on public distribution of food to the poor, to reduce food prices by cutting middle men and "fees" at the apmc's and make Indian agriculture competitive at the world stage. Farmers are basically untouchable in India, everybody has sympathy for them even when they go on moronic protests against laws which are meant for their own good. Again handful of big farmers are holding back majority of small farmers.
SIMPLE SE BAAT AGAR KISSANO KO BILL ACCHA NHI LGA AUR BILL UNKE LIYA KHATARNAK HAI ,WO DAMAND KRRE HAI ISKO WAPAS LENA KI TO KYA BURAI HAI WAPAS LENA ME ,KUCH SAAL BAAD ISS BILL KO AMMEND KRKE KISSANO KE AAGE LE AANA ,ISA IMPOSE KRNE KI KYA JARURAT AUR BINA KISI KISSAN SANGATHAN SE BAAT KIYE BINA ,BINA BAHUMAT KE BAS VOICE VOTING SE BILL PAAS KRANA KI KYA JALDI.YE DEMOCRACY HAI YHA JANTA KI BAAT SUNNI CHAHIYE GOVERNMENT KO ,HUMNE UNHE BNAYA HAI UNHONR HUME NHI, AGAR HUME BILL NHI CHAHIYE TO HUMPAR IMPOSE KYU KRR RHE HAI,AREY BILL HAI KOI ARRANGE MARRIAGE THODI, YE ANDOLAN ISLIYA BHI IMPORTANT HAI KYNKI AGAR YE SUCCESSFUL NHI HUA TO KAL KO GOVERNMENT KOI BHI BILL APNI MARJEE KA PAAS KRDEGI ,NA TO JANTA KUCH KR PAYGI AUR NA KOI AUR.AGAR SMAJH AAGYA HO TO MERI LIKHNE KI MEHNAT SAFAL SMJHUNGA WARNA JISE JO SMJHNA HAI SMJHE WO USKI CHOICE ,PAR EK BAAT YAAD RAKHNA KISSAN ITNA BEWAKOOF NHI HAI KI KISI KE BHADKANA PAR YA SIRF CONFUSION ME APNE GHAR APNE GAAO APNE RAJYA KO CHHOD KAR ITNI THAND ME DELHI KI SADKO PAR SOO RHA HAI ,USKA BHI PARIVAAR HAI ,USKE BHI BACCHA HAI ,ISS ANDOLAN ME ABHI TAK 6 KISSAN APNI JAAN GVA CHUKE HAI SO PLEASE ISE KHALISTANI , OPPOSITION PARTY FUNDED YA KISSAN BEWAKOOF HAI, CONFUSE HAI ,PLEASE YE SAB BAATE NA KHA AGAR SUPPORT NHI KAR SKTE TO YE SAB BHI MAT KHO.JAI HIND
Kissan Majdur Ekta Zindabad       victory day of farmers
Long live the farmers
Great respect for our Indian Farmers... hatsoff.. time to say bye bye to BJP
People just ignore the influence of khalistani groups and the hoisting of khalistani flag which is not related to farming at all
Represent this Man as Representative from Farmer that will provide Draft for Amendments to make changes in Farm Laws as govt is ready to make changes
Jo MSP value ha usmavi famer ko loss ho raha ha, is liye Farmers bill pass hona chahiye.....
Using these laws,pakistan and Khalistan supporters misinforming the world by paying the online channels and celebrities.
Please mention why you are against the farm bill 2020
This day should be celebrated as FARMERS DAY in INDIA now onwards as a win for Farmers. 
Bihar me ye system adopted hua isliye bihar me msp se kam amount me products bik  rhe hai  aur isliye he bihar ke farmers aaj sabse jyada poor hai 
Farmers are habituated with kid gloves treatment,no tax on income,loan waivers for literally every year.the farm laws were a good initiative to make them independent,but the militant farmers of Punjab and Haryana have hijacked this moment.The govt should implement these laws state wise.
I ain't know any politics but I support only farmers. 
Next CM Yogi Ji
Hats off to you Sir! You have analyzed the issues threadbare. Ticket should attend your discourse on the subject The opponents from Punjab, Haryana, and Western UP have hidden agenda for opposing the law. The gang of big landlords/adthiyas, etc., are hand in glove with APMCs for offloading unaccounted money as Agri. income. ...
NL's rant; Bill is good  in theory and gives farmers additional option to realize a better price for thier produce without compromising thier MSP rights . Great. But I would still oppose it on the grounds of implementation. Why? Because  that's  where my badge of intellectualism  comes from.    May I know which law or bill has got a flawless implementation  history?
Thanks NDTV for covering d protests of Farmers! 
Indian bastard govt is wrecking our Punjabi Brothers from Charda Punjab. 
Farmers from 27 out 29 states are happy with this law. Itll be unfair to those states if we remove these farm bills. Ideally BJP should recommend these law to every states, explain the benefits, and let the state decide if they want to implement the law.
How can you do a story on this without mentioning Monsanto? They created seeds decades ago that grow crops that cannot produce viable seeds for replanting, locking farmers into buying new seeds every year instead of using heirloom seeds and breaking out of the cycle of debt.
Plus the payments in MSP and in this new system differs . With this system the payment process  would get an official channel so the payment tracing is possible and viable. While that's not always the case in Mandis.
Govt should come with strategy looking at both farmers and consumers as major stake holder, or govt should make themselves fare middle man management tool.
They were started civil war in Pakistan with some militant assests and now see your capital and all india... 
Please solve all issues with farmers dear BJP . JAI HIND
1) Previously there was a debate about how Minimum support price has became maximum support price as arthiyas collectively are settling a price some where near MSP and farmers are not getting enough price for their produce..APMC is full of corruption and opaqueness.
Dhruv are u insane or making ppl fool it is strictly benificial for farmers
What a brilliant actor , modiji you made the high office of the prime minister to  stage one act shows to win elections and nothing else.You take the Oscar modiji.
Bihar's farmers aren't suffering because these markets have been shut down. There are atleast a gazillion reasons for that. This argument made by vox is incorrect. Sincerely
Please explain each and every farmer bill in depth what are their advantages and disadvantages. Do they really address the problems of farmers or not ? 
Brigade of bjp SUVs run over farmers but nobody knows who's is it even though everyon knows , UP Bihar, heartland of criminals and religious scammers turned politician and  because of uncontrolled population already defunct education system has no chance to cope so this is so called Hindi heartland 
Where are those Bhakts who were in support of this brat. Long live farmers, long live revolution.
Why would farmer need unlimited storage compounds like industrialist 
TheNational Crime Records Bureauof India reported that a total 296,438 Indian farmers had committed suicide since 1995.
OPEN LETTER TO SHREE RAKESH TIKAIT JEE.
The bill is also mentioned that *any farmer can sell their produced yeild at Mandi as before* other than this if they like corporate offer thay can sell to a corporate .
Farmers are lifeline of world ... salute farmers and bbc lifeline of truth
Pandemic is for ourselves we the normal people not for these rioters. They are in heaven and think that there is no pandemic.. they brought down indian flag from red fort and placed the religious khalsa flag on it.. what an anarchy. How can anyone misjudge it a farmers protest seeing these things.
Thanks alot for supporting farmers and presenting the picture of farmers protest to world
Thankyou Samdish we punjabis can't thank you enough for showing this side as well when all of mainstream media is busy calling us Khalistanis, congress agents, middlemen and what not
Even Indian PM Narendra Modi still not come and visit them once. 
Believe me ye video baised thi pro bjp thi inhone apne assumption le liye aur iss bill ko acha bataya loopholes pr discuss bahut kam kiya 
Historical victory for farmers
small farmers after kul kayda is the problem created by chacha
Do it is harmful not only for farmers but the co.mon people as well
Please help indian farmers
Kashmir Conflict is over and successfully managed by Modi Govt. So now Pakistani ISI has opened up Punjab Corridor with help of India's opposition Parties. If we aren't careful, Punjab will be next Kashmir with Khalistani Terrorist Movement revival.
As per Khalistani movement, state of Haryana and Himachal Pradesh will be merge with Punjab and country will be called Khalistan and amtrisar capital
Sir, could you make a video lecture on unemployment, Political parties & election systems in India, Religion polarization in politics., is there a need for another election system in India like First Past The Post(FPTP)?
50:40 : Act-1 : APMC Act : The Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020
It started as a farmer's protest but Is not over taken by extremists and political parties.
Government cannot sustain supporting 600 million people. Failed socialism of the 50s-90s has brought the farmers to this situation. Everyone agrees that we need change but what would the changes be is the question ? Modis answer is privatization.
i am not a bjp person or ever call anybody leberandu....but gave many wrong facts...like u cant go to court...yes there will be sdm and dm like problem solvers but they ll same as we have in banks we call ombudsman...but if u r not satisfied u can still go high court or supreme court....then u did not mention that msp is still not a law...next comes the fact that big markets like relience ll buy everything...if they can give a farmer better price than middlemen or msp then its farmer's wish they ll sell or not ..its like u have job and somebody offer better job ll u take or not...and there is always apmc if nobody buys your goods u can sell them in apmc..its ur choice....then comes hoarding of goods by big markets...i know it's problem but is hoarding today not a thing...but govt ll at least have authorities to look into...like currently we have but still hoarding happening...if we r arguing for this then atleast make a suggestion like better independent authority or something why protest...and next comes kangna issue... why listen to her do ur own fact check...we should not listen any celebrity only listen to the facts...then comes bihar issue people saying apmc abolition failed bihar agriculture...search yourself and see if it realy failed...all india agri growth is 3.6% while bihar agri growth 4.7%  in 2005-06 to 14-15 which is just after reform and in 14-15 to current all india agri growth is 2% but in bihar its 7% so i dont understand how it failed according to u people...make video with facts dont try to mislead people current indians are well educated...
To the Pakistani viewers, do these problems exist in punjab across the border?
Now all Khalistani know how to make knee down indian gov on their own terms .first 26 jan black day and now repeal day,this is the big celebration day for all separatists mentality group...
 if Farmers are allowed to sell their produce directly to consumers.
I am also farmer but plz can you explain why should I protest against this? I think it's gonna make our country more developing in the primary sector.
How will the companies create monopoly or sue kissans if they have access to MSP as well? They don't want to do contract farming they can easily choose selling their produce like earlier why to protest? Please reflect on this
Can't thank you enough our Farmers  for what they have done...after a looooooong time feeling like Democracy is still alive in our country
they r not farmers
Subsidies, subsidies and more subsides!! These subsidies are silently killing farmers. It's unfortunate that these farmers feel they have won but in reality they have lost big time and have failed to realise that......
I mean laws scraped. Farmers should sit with government and make amendmemts so that it turns out win win situation for farmers, middleman and consumers like legalise MSP.
Rahul Gandhi Zindabad Priyanka GANDHI JI, ZINDABAD Our beloved Gandhi family.. Save this country from RSS BJP God bless you.
Punjabi/jatt farmers or farmers ke samne mughlo ne bhi ghutne taik diye the to BJP kaunsi khet ki mulli hai. Mujhe pehle se he pata tha yeah decision ajj ya kal ane he walla hai. Nature of revolts acche se parhna zaroori hai kyunki arsa alag ho sakda hai leki log to wohin hai. Unka akar aur balidaan dene walla capacity bhi wohin hai. Thankyou government but I feel every reforms should be discussed thoroughly with the stakeholders because we might have lost a great chance through the application of such laws or by modifying the laws a bit.
Farmer bill is good for u if u r not farmer
Naive farmers retaliating... They don't even get that.. Its old trap.. 1st they provoke then they take advantage of retaliation.
log social media se apni opinion banaynge to aise hi jawab denge. farm bills ko padhe bina opinion dene se kya fayda. andolan to language k adhar par state divide karne k liye bhi hua tha aur wo maang puri karna bhi galat tha. why punjab and haryana farmers protest kar rahe hai? why they are richest farmers and most other state farmers are poor.history janna bhi jaruri hai
Ppl must undetstand, he can not fix everything... farmers have to fight this battle a little longer
Why is it mentioned in your thumbnail that Minister's son shot a farmer? How do you know that?
2. Most protestors are farmers from states that have produce bought at MSP.
Sir, if the farmers of each state manage to create a farmers' union that fights for farmers rights and negotiates with the corporate buyers for the right price for produce  to protect farmers from exploitation, then we can definitely prevent exploitation right? Like trade unions protect the workers.
Mein Jhansi se hoon , Modi Ji aaj yha Rashtra Raksha Parv m shamil hone aayenge. Aaj isi par charcha karenge. 3 farm bills par .
These  laws are  taken back not beacause government care for farmers.. this is because upcoming elections in up , Punjab , Uttarakhand etc....
I am so happy the farmers wontheir long and difficult struggle paid off. This is an inspiration for all of us no doubt
UP police is trying to clear their image in the world. I humble request to all please stand with our farmers
Also that this bill are copy paste laws of europe and usa which didnt worked out in their country so govt need to think from all perspective so that no one is harmed morally and financially
Now farming quality is destroyed by MSP, and land is also getting destroyed
Of the 29 states, only one state is protesting against this new law. Farmers from all other states support free market and open economy.
Youth is manipulated but mature and old people support these farmers
The only thing I have learnt is all political parties are hungry for votes...instead of haryana Punjab had there been Up bihar which consist of 120 seats to lok sabha the laws would have been repealed on day 1 but as there were Punjab haryana who combined give only 25 seats to lok sabha the govt was just ignoring them...this shows the mindset of parties
Why most them are against this protest I don't understand. Few are acting like these farmers are protesting against them. As soon as someone raises their voice against the govt why they are called terrorist, anti Nationalist and so on.
Suppose we make buyinv mandatory on MSP price and say in next season we have bumper crop then why would anyone buy the crop at MSP price, no private player will buy and if government buys it it will add on its losses as we do not have so much warehouse for storage. What can be a solution to this?
Godi Media was against to protesters cause pappa will not give pocket money for godi media so.
nobody in India believe modi anymore. If he don't callback farm bill 100% BJP lose UP election without EVM. Now modi is No1 pappu of India.
Wrong information about apmc act. There is no bar to farmers to sell goods outside mandi as per apmc act. Already farmers are selling outside mandi. Then no question of agents
1. Small farmers of Punjab and Haryana and Farmers of all other states were not protesting.
Stay United, hope things change! Support Farmers
Now the day will come when small farmers will cry and learn a lesson 
Now I'm going to contact some poor farmer & I will buy his produce directly from Him at Market Price.
India is a very complex system where the middle class enjoy cheap food prices and farmers receive low prices for their crop as they currently are not allowed to store crop, pay high prices for inputs and don't have the ability to protect themselves with futures contracts. The current system in India is not sufficient to support all the small farmers in India (they lack the scale to produce, store and market their own products). A free market can only work, which these bills seek to do, if both buyers and sellers have equal bargaining power. Smaller farmers are not only lacking the skill but also the knowledge to effective participate in a free market. They free they will be crushed under low prices. The government should offer assistance and compensate for farmers harmed by these laws until the economy normalized. India need to grow beyond having millions of small farmers and the farmers need to accept their faith but I think the government did not do a good job in marketing these bills. Also, the people of Punjab are well off farmers compared to rest of India. If you look at the number of children being sent outside from Punjab to study in college, you would understand why punjabis are at the heart of the protest. They enjoy the highest income in the country from farming. Any threat to their lifestyle would bring about a reaction. Many of those protesting have on name brand clothes, Nike, Adidas, and drive Audis. These aren't the lowly farmers of Bihar.
Ple.kick.out.b.j.p.in.all.india.no.e.v.m.in.all.india.
4. If corporates cheat farmers on the contract, then corporates will have to pay 1.5 times the agreed price as penalty to farmers. And if farmers cheat corporates, then farmers should only reimburse the advance amount and other minimal costs spend by the companies. The law is completely biased towards farmers. 
Stand with the farmers of the india
the farmers will stay poor and we have to pay more price for the foods because middleman won
There is NOTHING in the bill that will make things bad for farmers.
Today is farmer day,
Amit da! Very informative. 2 request - 1. Please address the issue mainly pertaining to Punjab, Haryana - where 90%+ farm produce is sold to APMC at MSP, where almost all SMALL, MARGINAL farmers (producing Wheat, Rice) sell their produce to ARTHIYA network. 2. Add the Arthiya angle to the graph (how many they are in Punjab for e.g.) How that network operates - How the excess produce gets parked at FCI warehouses - how that then is SOLD to the Liquor Desi Bhatti - This issue is complex and complicated. Surely it would be great to do a follow-up! Much appreciated and Many Thanks!
Sirji... Sachche mann se repealed farm laws ko kanoon banao aur wo hi sachche mann se fuel ko gst ke under dal do
This is overwhelming. Thanks for making our farmers' voice heard.
It's for farmers and let them decide for themselves. They have every right to protest against it.
Modi is just using his fanatical Hindus to keep Hindus together in a short time and look combative and organized against his Indian counterparts. Modi is facing not only turbaned farmers, but also the landlord class, a plethora of domestic opposition parties and foreign NGOs that are sending rice and food, and a year's worth of COVID-19.
I don't know why other Indian states not supporting the protest
Journalists & Wellwishers of farmers like you kept the spirit of this Movement alive.BTW,you forgot to mention the campaign of Punjab,Haryana and U.P.'s farmers in Bengal election...
Sugarcane is already privatly bought in PUNJAB and farmers sowing sugarcane are exploited  what had happen to sugarcane will now happen to wheat / rice
Opposition tries against NRC laws and now this law. Farmers are only air there are all anti indian people violated by lead by opposition parties.
simple question - Why are farmers growing wheat when they know it is not consumed that much??
Congratulations .now election coming near.dont come in fake promise . Reammber how many farmers give there life.this time think and vote.
Farmers protests is very important in India because the new agriculture laws against former to lot of suffering.the new agriculture laws benefited to the corporate
Farmers have right to protest. Please give them passage to go.
The simple reason for the poor display of our farming sector is because the apmc is a sham in our country. The corruption of apmc and cartel system has degraded it to an extent that it has become redundant. I concide that MSP is required for the corporate option of selling crops but we have to understand that capitalism does work to an extent and competition in mandis can bring in the change that is much needed.
You have to be very naive and childish to think that privatisation of farming wont lead to exploitation of farmers by big companies for their maximum profits.
I follow farmers but what was bad about the proposal one and a half year suspension of law to discussion and amendments?
So its good for Educated farmers and bad for uneducated farmers.
And not all farmers are un educated
4.After the contract if prices are up then farmers still have to sell for least price and it leads to huge crruption and is useful for brokers , mediators and whoever have power
Farm laws repealed ....But Agricultural reforms are still crying... Without it Indian farming system is going to be unsustainable!
Gurucharan dasji  sab farmer wheat,rice crop ko replace kar dege aasani se jitna aasani SE bol rahe hai in
Farmers are our life line. They should be protected.
And Diljit, Investigated after donating to farmers.
Basically he wants to say farmers are donkeys and they have no rights to protect their own interest s.
Very nice effortby u guys... Hats off to u.... And waheguru ji may bless the all kisaans & mazdoor.
First of all, the mandi system is the reason why our farmers have suffered all these years. Contract Farming provides farmers with all the necessary  items required. The farmer receives high quality seeds from the company, moreover, a farmer can decide to break the contract at any given time. Even, before these bills were passed, PepsiCo had entered into agreements with several farmers in Punjab. No farmer had any problem with the private contractor. This new system provides farmers with a wide range of market price. Regarding, the essential co.modities bill, the initial act was brought in when the country had a deficiency of resources. Today, thanks to the Green revolution, India produces more than the sufficient requirement. This bill was previously preventing companies from purchasing goods in excess from the farmers to store it. The amendment changes that. Please don't spread fear among the people like this.
Except Punjab,haryana and western up nothing protest in India against farm law
It's not farmer's protest
They should implement these bills state wise where there is BJP ruling party. First they need to show the result then these farmers will be convinced.
Sath hi sath.. farmers were already allowed to sell their produce in any of the states. The limitations was only with the middlemen. 
Finally a relief for farmers
And request modi to come with the law .. opposition is totally crushed and the bastards who do bastardisation of politics in india will be out totally
Stupid decision. Farmers should have read the laws because if they did they would have understood these laws would benefit them hugely. They would have made higher incomes throughout the year therefore a reduction if not a complete stop of farmers committing suicide.
Modi ne Farmers kibaat nahi maani, He is afraid of loosing in coming elections
Now i understand y there was a lot of opposition from the farmers... And i support their view...
I'm the son of farmer n aspirant
Leave your ill exposed cadre behind, Modi Ji and zero in on non aligned nationalist people N they're not difficult to to be found N they are everywhere...in every department/institution. The boot lickers occupying key positions are doing you more harm than good. Look at promotions in Universities. All ultra leftists...... becoming professors..... Imagine India's future!
Middle man is always bloodsucking from both sides.they are the real enemy of farmers.  I presume this bill will help farmers.  It would be great if MSP also introduce in this system
Ab pata lag gya ki kya halat honi gai next elections mai himachal elections to trailers hai film baki hai kanoon bapis lene se bhi result badlega nhi abhi to enempyment result degi sir g apka ek decisions jo impossible dikta tha j&k mai 370 section remove krna aur army and capf personnel par stone throw krna band krna appriciated salute u sir ab apse request hai ki government employees par income tax minimum rs 10 lakh Karo immediately to deffinately apki parti win pakki aur rich person par 30 lakh se uper i come krne bale business ko 50 se 75 present income tax Karo please
Mr Malik is very dangerous person, please talk in sense position in the debate . I am very proud of my Hon'ble Prime Minister Mr. Narinder Modi ji.
My suggestion:- I don't see any private companies who working for public. The poor farmers can't bargain and sell goods at APMC(not even in MSP). So how can farmers can bargain with private companies. According to me if there is no corruption farmers will get their cut correctly. Secondly farmers empowerment , farmers bargaining capacity that is what we needed.
Coming at Minimum Support Price (MSP), how many western countries you can name following this practice? Probably none!! Why?? Because MSP system is against farmers. How? It's an old say in economics "Demand raises the price" only licence holder traders or Govt can buy farmers produce in APMC Mandi, no outsider is allowed to directly purchase from farmers, thus leaving farmers at the mercy of bunch of crook traders and Govt, remember Govt would only buy that much which is sufficient for the population, it won't buy and it shouldn't buy everything.
I know this is a fault of the government but you were all got quite on 26th January 2021 when farmers tractor march to the red fort ,killing thousands of police officers and created a mass destruction 
Modi is a very egoistic person. He must be having some other plans to screw unsuspecting farmers.
Repeal the 3 farm law and make new laws with consensus with farmers and other related specialists .
for this Mandi need to serve the area of 50km and for this india need 41000 mandi but Humare pass 6,600 mandi h
I'm with Farmers 
Majority of the peoples who are protesting are business man and well settled in India and  abroad and their fields are manage by contract  labourers,these so called farmers itself are not interested in a resolution as anti Indian forces are behind them.
You guys didn't even discuss the History of these laws, these laws were already implemented in U.S.A, Europe, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, (Link: https://thewire.in/agriculture/punjab-mandis-farmer-produce-up-bihar) And they failed. The Government didn't even tried to discuss the laws and they are already protesting for two months. Now it's over the limit. The Prime Minister did not even address the issue, he is sticking with the fact it is good for Farmers. Which farmers asked for this reform? When Chief Minister of Punjab wanted to discuss these laws with President, but ignored the meeting request.
The Theory of digital platform for selling the goods in all over the India where the farmers get better price is good take of government but the mainwhile Manipulation of rates under the essential commodity act is the biggest concern for the citizens of India Hope the Government will understand and do changes in the Essential commodity act.
Secondly , as you said the government wants to be out , they don't want to give MSP to farmers.
The existing system would remain in place as it is, the government has just offered an alternative which is high profitable for farmers
One can be super optimistic about the current bill even after the recent trend of petrol price (and the tariff of Jio telecom services, which once came with unlimited calls)...
Never should we give this much power to one party,, its our fault but This mistake will not happen in 2024,,, support farmers
Leave the farmers. Let us think of business men. If these agri laws are implemented, what and how benefits the businessmen? 
Only 1.5 crore People pay tax on their income, but a farmer has to pay taxes,cesses and other charges on his produce.What Kind of equality is this.85% r small and marginal farmers who lack access to formal credit and alternative employment,this is the main reason for Farmer suicides.
But Modiji Brings In All India !! So Becomes KALA KANOON !!!
Thank you modiji for opening our eyes.
Kissan Majdoor Players Army Celebrities ekta Zindabaad Modi government and their supporters should cancel the bills ASAP to save themselves from getting cursed by the farmers and saints.
These farm laws also talks about stubble burning excess use of ground water resources(in a way) and greta thunburg  who is a climate activist opposes all of it and this man supports her 
He needs to assist the farmers of panjab and not Gujrat.
I proud to be Indian farmers and I shame to be Indian media
No Farmer No Food - Kisan 
3. No tax on deals outside APMC mandi. Now farmers can sell crops outside government markets without paying tax. Farmers fear that as there is no tax outside govt market people will start selling outside govt market which will eventually lead to collapse of govt market place. The corporates will pay right price in first 2-3 years and once the government market place collapse they will start exploiting farmers and farmer will not have any alternative but to sell at low price to corporates.
Farmers have got into the habit of baby feeding.. they have to understand they are businessmen.. but hereditary system has broken their land in small parcels, taking away their pricing power.. fathers have to cartelize, do direct selling to consumer, do branding..
Any Indian can fell me in on why most farmers are Sikh?
When Atal Bihari Bajpai spoke in favor of farmers, he also said the same thing, "If the demands of the farmers are not accepted, then we will also support the movement politically.
Is Punjab the only state which does farming apparently I think more than half of India population is doing farming .. I dont see protest happening anywhere else ...
#FarmersBill #farmersprotestchallenge #GovernmentofIndia #IamWithFarmer #IamWithFarmers
We need an alternative to this weak government that buckles under pressure from a tiny faction of fake farmers, which didn't even have mass support. 
Congratulations to all farmers 
Why doesnt this video discuss the merits of the farm laws for everyone "to know"?  Very smartly, the laws have been projected as ones which will corporatise farming and deprive the poor farmers' of their livelihood whereas that's just not the case...These laws are to empower the farmer and liberate them from the influence of the greedy middlemen...The ones protesting have been misled about the Minimum Support Price and other things.  The protests too have been largely restricted to 2-3 Indian states.  But none of this finds mention in the video which is projecting the Indian government as  the villain here.
For those who don't know these farmer  laws  doesn't even allow farmer to go to court in case of dispute so luck dealing with profit driven companies. 
More more more videos relating to the farmers plz
Smh this is actually so stupid, the new laws are good for >90% of the farmers (less than 2 acres)
Initially , in Punjab free electricity to farmers was limited to those with 5 or less acres. But as the Rich Farmers' lobby is the dominant political group, free electricity  was extended  to all farmers without any limit of their landholding.
I am still shocked at the immense wastage of resources. Is it not possible to use the plant waste into compost for manure or for generating methane gas which in turn can help the power crisis also? Small generation plants easily accessible by farmers, where they get monetised for handing in the plant waste can drive its usage. Please enlighten me, if this is wrong. Or how would you refine it further.
The irony is old laws is one of the main reason behind 60000 farmer suicides in india..uet the farmers from 2 states still want old laws
It's lovely to see the Indians bashing Trevor and his research while trying to cover the persecution of farmers. I mean, good luck with that.
Indian farmers not equal to farmers from Punjab Haryana. There are 26 more states with considerable farmer population.
I've a doubt.. why are only farmers in Haryana and Punjab protesting?
Their are no middlemans those are service providers as per farmers.. ab ye media ne unhe bhi middleman bnadiya.
You against BJP . Every thing Bad Happen in india blame on BJP .
I don't understand why only sikh kisaan are on strike? Whole country farmers including myself are happy with these bills..
People need to rise against Modi. Otherwise he's gonna make everyone's life miserable. What can we expect from a PM who doesn't care about the Farmers. The Dictatorship is soon going to end!
First, this man said " kisi ko dosh dene ka samay nhi he " but he also differentiated Farmers by saying " kisano ka ek tapka( group ) "
When we cut our crops and go to market to sale our crops we got 1400inr per quintal some time we got 1100inr rate  . that's not fair . MRP is 1920inr they buy on half rate sometimes.that is matter of MSP = Minimum support price.
Agitation against farm laws only serves interest of rich, elite farmers
Even RSS farmers union is also against this bill they know exactly what is going to happen due to this bill. Paapi Paitt ka swaal hai.
In this entire episode Punjab is the biggest loser becoz they have  no major industries in the state. Offcourse, they have god set up for mandis but unfortunately agriculture of punjab majorly depends on ground water which is depleting year by year.  90% of the tube wells in punjab are running without NOC's. They are drying up this beautiful furtile land in to waste land. Interestingly, State government of Punjab is not interested in reforms but intrested in freebies schemes.
I am coming in Delhi after 7 years and will assist arvind kejriwal ji to make India a developed country he is a very good chief minister but he don't know how to become prime minister
that just mention INDIA in the Thumbnail and you would get billions of views....
Haryana people are with Punjab
We support farmer's love from pakistan
Government didn't did goli charge or lathi charge,so questions doesn't arise compensation to sahid farmers.
3. Whoever comes will give a better prices and i think in 3 years every farmer will be doing contract farming and government will remove APMC mandis and MSP because there will not be any role of it to play moreover it requires funds to keep mundis running.
I'mma Indian Farmer and stand against this Goverment who just cares cooperates but want to make farmer's as slaves But at the end farmer's will make them under the knees its just beginning
Congratulations to farmers.
Read Dr. Vandana Shiva, victims of Food Imperialism. Big corporation is USA ownership. Food is the civilization of a country, this is what Gandhi fought against. This video is not telling the full history. India was rich in agriculture before the British came and destroyed it. Gandhi "Set the Sun" because he realized how European "Power and Greed" works, today it is the rich corporations the 1%.
This is nonsense. Most of their identity needs to be checked. No doubt farmers should be supported but after 70 years now with Modi at the helm of affairs, their expectations have gone up and through discussions, this should be resolved. There is an agriculture minister but for the ones with agenda, the target is to spoil Modi'd name. Farmers exist not only in Punjab but in 36 other states too and they don't have any issues. One of two Anti-Indians is enough to fool the entire purpose so do not fall into their trap. There are other videos too of protestors complaining of not being paid for having participated. When broadcasting includes such topics also for a correct picture of the many fake amongst the very genuine farmers.
Why is Amrinder Singh thanks modi ji it is our farmers who had to be congratulate they made the modi  repeal the law it is farmer's wins
It's a shame that this happened but seeing it on a larger scale I believe Captain will now setup his own party. An alliance will be then formed along with BJP. Sikh voters will consider captain over Laughing joker and  BJP will rule Punjab.
85% Farmers have no ability to sell his crop in other state. But modi donot want to listen his voice because modi eyes see farmers is cheap labour not a land lord farmers. Cheap labour means modi friends make billions.
Huge respect to farmers and epic level reporting.... This is the true definition of unity.
Its Punjab farmers not Indian farmers dont spread wrong information.
32. Why did you not mention the assault on Police personnel during the violence? If the way these "Farmers" had assaulted our Police Men and Women, to the extent of mowing down them using tractors, even in USA, UK or for that matter, in South Africa, the Police would have fired shots at them. However, they did not, they excercized restrain.
Being a farmer child feeling proud........so nice song
Why are there only a certain section of India farmer protesting.
Sir please ap Desh k PM bn jaiye hum congress or BJP se preshan hai ......
They're not farmers, God Bless Them.
India has good farmers at the same time a good ration network to distribute the same produce to people who need it. Why not get ration and farmers connected, if health is wealth, it that not a better options for people who need food.
LOL to the killer of 700 farmers....
Farmers can say no to the private players as per the same law...and mandis are not going away....
If you can post this in Hindi language.. and make a series on educating farmers..!!
they support pakistan ?
Dhruv u said in one of the video kerala is one of the best state among few do u know kerala don't have APMC  at all farmer sell their product on their own  Dhruv ur liar ur cheating ur video just for Sheknar Gupta
Hi Abhi, Niyu, you are really doing great work! I believe this video can be an eye opener for farmers, but they might not understand all the terms.. please create this video in simple language understandable by the farmers...
So the government announced that they give farmer the full liberation of selling their goods to private with contract of promised sum , or directly to government itself by MSP (minimum selling price ) like the old times ... Giving the full freedom , 
Sad to see In country where Jai jawan Jai kisan slogan has been sung for ages...Present govt has made both Jawan and kisan stand against each other
Look at monsanto s link with the bill and melinda gates foundations and other. It s a lost cause for farmers
As a small farmers son I can say it's a bad desicion. We shall be continued to be exploited by these mandis and big farmers
Farmers are right
However, farmers are apprehensive that the free market philosophy supported by these bills could undermine the Minimum Support Price (MSP) system and make farmers vulnerable to market forces.
Plz only support farmers 
Even the middleman (such as your local fruit vendor) adds value by providing both, consumers and the farmers with convenience. Consumers and farmers both dont need to travel far to get the best price.  Please dont paint middlemen in the wrong light. If there are multiple middlemen, that can definitely be reduced.
Tell india in UN that india shouldn't give MSP farmers that way corps come out cheap that destroying globel competition for our farmers. 
> I believe the farmers can still sell their produce outside the mandis at the moment (with tax however), so isn't this bill only essentially removing that state tax charged?
Support Farmers 
The are not farmers
It's ironical that the name of the series is Now you know and he didn't even explain anything about the laws how it's affecting both sides ie the farmers and the govt. The propaganda of Greta and Rihanna. How Khalistani terrorism looms in the protest. Either cover a topic holistically or don't cover it at all.
e)  It is of utmost importance that uniform pricing policy will actually reflect the contribution of farmers to GDP which is deliberately lowered by manipulated pricing system prevailing in the country. 
I so regret voting for BJP! It hurts so much to see our farmer suffer.
#Standwithfarmers
Its linked to farmers protest. Lakhimpur and neighboring villages have Sikh population.
they are most of opportunity farmer not real farmer
So the conclusion is a farmer wishing heart attack for amit shah & this is "journalism" level Lallantop 
These poor farmers are feeding the governments stomach, today they are being harassed and tortured by this government ..what a pity, our country is in distress.
Bro farmersnte financial freedathine vendi fund folio groupine enthenkilum cheyyan kayiyo?
For support farmer.. . I respect..  Hope you respect too
I really pray the farmers win!!!!! And hopefully kick that president out of office
Indians remember one thing if farmer will collapse, whole civilization will collapse
I stand with my farmers.
So happy to hear that farmers won
Congratulations INC, AAP, TMC you have successfully destroyed the future of farmers..
Farming is the Backbone of india.
This bill is pro farmer though. It's jatt protest 
Modi ji did not think anything about the children of the media.. you are crying out loud
Mr commentator u r wrong . Majority of farmers were poor and small. Sorry  u people have failed to understand the psychology of farmers and specially Sikh farmers. Every psi is being sold. How do u justify it.
BJP should again design the BILL with farmers advice...!!!!!!!     there concern is genuine ....!!!   its shameful for us that we are having our lunch ....and anndata are on roads......SHAMEFUL...!!!    every community either student community or service community ...all should come together to raise the voice....and let this BILL be reformed.....
This farm laws were good for farmers, modi knew this would badly affect bjp in elections.. but he remained strong, but unfortunately farmers misguided... 
Totally spineless from Modi and Amit Shah. Politics over poor farmers in the end. All for what, a seats in Punjab?
I proud to be our farmers and ravish Kumar sir
It is not the fault of the farmers. They make food for us. I'm from punjab and I know that the farmers are not at fault. PM modi had used his agencies to disturb this peaceful protest. At last I want to say that CAN YOU LIVE 3 MONTHS WITHOUT YOUR FAMILY AT ROAD??
Brooo! You did not even explain those farmer laws!!!
4. New laws give opportunity to farmers to sell their produce to private entities which give higher prices as he likes , but may not be same as government but definitely much higher than those bloodsucking middlemen.
What the farmers are doing is correct, the day bjp lost bypoll, immediately our PM Modiji announced fuel price less and farmers law back, this is not done for the welfare of people , for the sake of election to win in next year , modi announced like this, 130 crore people know about this , it is election game , 700 farmers died, modiji didnot tell about them, this media is supporter of modiji , please madam don't shout , you are speaking on behalf of modiji and you are saying farmers are from Khalistan and terrorist, in this debate this media person is blaming farmers , supporting bjp and modiji, where was this media people from last one year
Congratulations everyone Indian economy is going to be same as Pakistani economy 
This present Modi gov is doing wonders, I hope it will soon create wonders for our Farmers too
man i was so waiting for Trevor  to do   the episode relating to the  farmers issues
Why during the Pandemic? Could it not wait till we were Corona free? Can you draw the line? If this bill was so good, why did the government agree to more than 20 amendments already?? There were mistakes that needed to be fixed. If farmers had not raised their voice, the government would never have corrected those. Can you deny that the government has agreed to some of the changes  farmers put forth?
One state doesn't make India. We have 28 states and  8 union territories. The rich farmers are protesting but the poor farmers are rejoicing. I am hopeful that the protesting farmers will find a middle ground and accept the bill eventually.  Reforms anywhere is met with resistance. Happened even during 1991 when India liberalized economy.
These laws are not bad, the farmers of 2 states are misled, especially from Sikh community , who are following their secessionist leadership in Canada, these laws just provide alternative markets to the farmers
Farmers can sell their crop as they wish with out intervention of third party intrest. Once upon time long long ago they use to sell crops directly with interchange of things. My doubt is U. S. A farmers how they sell their crops, European farmers how they sell their crops, Russian farmers how they sell their goods... After observing many developed countries farmers selling their products methods they should discuss with State Governments and then with Central Government without doing any violence.
Bill is good for farmers.
Why only #Kisan #Male is showing up in your video thumbnail? In the world of equality can't we show both Male and Female farmer?
Tikait doesn't want to go back as he wants to shine his politics. If any bidy has done crime be a farmer or any body else has to prosucuted as per law. Will any private bidy buy on MSP ? Kissans will get ruined
I can assure you, 90% of our population has absolutely no idea about any of it (Including majority of the farmers). They are either supporting or opposing based on their political preferences lol.
I will save this video for my future children to show this much of courageous act by our farmers.
Those farmers who want those 3 Bill's should start protest now. 
Mappu Mappu studying savarkar in modi. This only election drama bjp not forget people not vote for Bjp elections. Not banthi kia fayithahe how any people dead one year kussan protest 600 people dead kia fayithahe abi canceled gst every thing failure bjp poor people unemployed and uneducated
Those bills were introduced to protect farmers and cut the role of the middlemen who were the actual beneficiary
how u are manupulating people is bad ,some of my family members are farmer, simple language bole toh agar mso raha toh bil badiya ,nai toh bill bekar.
Congratulations to farmers (backbone of India )
Farmers are always in lagging stage , yes this law might have dragged them to more lag, but it is also real, it's the victory of middle man anyways. This law must have helped big corporates, but now without law, it will be continuing helping to  traditional middle man(agitators of protest) 
Congrats to farmers and sikh brothers from kashmir 
Still hidden fact that how the mediators in apmc play with farmers dont give them msp
9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
Main hm youth ko yee khna chahta hu ki september see farmers protest kr rhe h,, winter chali gyi, spring chala gya, summer b jaa rha h kb tk aakhir kb tk farmers aase hi protest krte rhenge, govt ko sharam aati   h ki nhi
Correction Modi ji wo kisan nhi the yeh pure desh even Pappu ko v malum hai
U people completely changed the level of journalism    without forcing any agenda.... Just taking views of the farmers.
Our most famous PM said they failed to explain how these farm laws are good for County and farmers. But is it so? If yes then why bill was passed forcefully?
And we can't understand the problems of farmers by reading some pages of marketing and advertising subject. They are well aware about it and that's why they are protesting
Lastly on buying produce from farmers and not online from companies ... in my experience whenever i have purchased things directly from farmers there has been no price difference .. then whats the point ..secondly large companies also give employment to huge number of people ..how would you counter that ??
JAI HO MODI JI 
We do regulate and assure that maximum profit can be given to the farmers..!!
Someone who has rejected indian citizenship and accepted the citizenship of a foreign nation has every right to protest. But their protest means horseshit to indian government. Every problems encountered by our farmers must be heard by the government and should carry out rectification if necessary.
I know that govt is not supporting farmers but it will take farmers income to lower level
Mam please can you make a new video about the farmer bills and explain each Bill profit and losses..
It's shame on government and to politicians. How They eat every day from these farmers hardworking without solving ongoing protest. It's shame
Sharam ani chahiye apkoo apko farmers kadar hoti to 2 sal tak rukte nhii abhii election najdik haii to bhik mang rhe ho
Waoooooooo. little farmer Hero. Mind blowing...JAI jagannath swami bless you.
tmc ki gandi chal ha see farmers ki way of speaking ...RAHUL KI JUBAN BOOL RAHA HA
Hats off to u sir....Now So called farmer movement which caused so much  instability in the region has nothing to say/protest and if they still continue their movement then they should be put in jail as they are hiding their wrongdoings in the name of democracy. JAI HIND
Love from Pakistan to Indian farmers.
One thing conveniently hidden is MSP which is guaranteed by Government. If Farmer gets MSP and other options of selling at higher price why this should not be by showing bogus statements of price rise , This form bill is going to help Farmer and Sengupta you are doing fear mongering like other political opposition to scare the people . Now only Punjab and Haryana farmer and agents affected by this law and rest of the country is keeping quiet
It looks as though the general public should be the ones protesting in Delhi, not the farmers.
After watching this video everyone think that farmers will get good returns than what they are getting now, but what I feel is they are going to get crushed. Because In india small farmers count is more than big farmers, companies can't go to each and every small former for trade. And these small farmers don't get minimum selling price even at out side market because nobody cares for msp of crops, like our Indian government escaping from responsibilities of protecting them. Corporate companies are going benifit (definately a biggest) from this acts.
If it was not planned then what's the need of talwar and latti's and from where did thier appear and what's the point on removing indian flag and hosting jai Khalistan flag so are farmers great then the nation itself ..? 
I always support farmers 
Now tell me which one is more productive and which one is not? Did privatization kill all of those 40crore people that are earning more than those farmers?
Proud to be a part of farmers protest
There is not harm for farmer by this law. But, these eneducated people are fooled by opposition party congress. Common man is suffering and congressi leaders are enjoying.
I might not have any business to say anything here, but in this issue I stand with the farmers.
Canadian government went to wto against MSP and direct cash given by modi
SO  THE PEOPLE OF INDIA WHO ARE PROTESTING NEED THE PERMISSION OF MODI TO ENTER THE CAPITAL , THE CAPITAL OF MY OWN COUNTRY  DEMOCRACY AT ITS BEST 
Protest can continue  but by doing this tractor parade parallel to the parade on Rajpath, we are going to mock at our own ceremonial parade.It will be spicy treat for the international media to tarnish the image of India.
1. Lack of Education as the Farmer's are UnEducated
Terrorist are briefing in press conference but the prime minister of. India not.       JAI KISSAN
person at 7.34 wake up man they are farmers of our country. Delhi people should stand with farmers and should help them in getting their rights. ..
MSP is minimum *support* price and not minimum *selling* price *Priyaji*
I've said it before and I will say it again, "Modi is the end India".
Finally.... I understood the whole scene behind this farm bill and the protest... I'm soo glad I found your channel. Thank you so much sir...for explaining in such a great way
I think with this new farm laws the farmers gets the protection from companies, its a double edge sword, even for the trading companies too, but I am not sure how smart the farmers are when they are into contracts, but I am sure there will be some clauses that these  companies could be able to exploit in favour to the companies rather than farmers. 
Every one must buy them with atleast @ that price (MSP). 
Indian farmers are in much better shape and after the law it will only get better for farmers and businesses
Salut to Punjab ,Haryana ,Up,  kerela every person from every city.  Every person is a good human being who is supporting kisan andolan. I salute you . Be united. Rab ji mehar karn tuhaade sb te
Only 6% farmers are able to buy at MSP+ rates.
Study farmers bill, then Vice ( the name carries your intention) will be "wise" enough to understand that it is for the farmers, to the "INDIAN FARMERS". You can also check how the middlemen in the mandi market involve in the produce. Do your homework well before you bluff.  If you don't know a subject please do not comment on it.
Those who dont agree to farmers can consume gobar & mootar for thier diet.
If any farmer, big or small, try to negotiate " for a price " of any Non-perishable commodity, with any BIG SHOT,  he will ultimately become a FORCED HOARDER. At last, His non-perishable commodity becomes a perishable commodity. FORGET ABOUT ANY PERISHABLE COMMODITY.
3 . Modi is saying it's going to be 1 nation 1 market. It already 1 market we can sell our crops anywhere in india legally before this. 
 Use this service or locality farmers, if possible 
who has nothing to do in farms last 10 months but they lots of work on roads .  fake farmers.
Im actually watching this as an educational YouTube video in geography. My school (Portobello High School) is using this to explain how farmers do their thing. Im a student btw.
Initially I was supporting this bill  as people are talking about the benifit of bill but your explanation
7) property card For Farmers thus through adhar card a profile will be created
So called farmers are having only trouble in Punjab and Haryana. Not complete India. Even though govt is ready to adjust, congress want to use these protests to make political imbalance. Now the matter has to be settled in Supreme court.
In this episode you did mention all states who supported ths protest..just to bring to your notice...many farmers from southern states of kerala ,tamilnadu ,telangana also did join this protest and their leaders even addressed their meeting...I think they need a mention here to show the solidarity and unity of farmers ...my opinion
Farmers could be given facility to store in Public warehouses and be given NWRs.... they may use these NWRs in banks to get price at current rate... if they want they may get back NWRs if they pay back interest to bank.... ab jo cheej bhech rhe thae usko mortgage kr do.... price shoot krta hn toh NWRs wapas le lo nhi toh sab bank ke maathae... agri ko market access ki bahut jaroorat hn.... haste is to double farmers income by 2022..:: baaki apna vivek istemaal kariye
BJP must immediatly suspend all their politicias like Khattar and Mishra who spread violance against farmers. Jay Shree Ram, Bharat Mata ki jay.... Jai Jawaan... Jay Kishan.. .    Khattar aur Mishra jaisa BJP ke gundo ko jail...  kishano ko MSP ka labh mile..... 700 mara kishano ko nyay mile...Jay Shree Ram.. Bharat Mata Ki jay... Jay Jawaan.. Jay Kishan
So it finally going to impact middle class peoples and small farmers and most concerned part is loss of subsidy and the MSP legal agreement how will set price ex if farmers at different regions sold onion at different rates like 40 30 32 35 then obviously cooperatives have muscle power to buy at low prices and sell them at 49% increase in price as farmers don't have storage or holding capacity 
What a great democratic leader. Absolutely humble in accepting mistakes. It only took him 1 year, 700 deaths of farmers and by poll election results to take such a brave decision. May India continue to move forward in this direction of leaders like him for self-destruction 
i am also farmer son but this law is very beneficial to farmer old is is good but new law frovides wide range of option to farmer to shell their product an old law is also present alon with new law
2. Go to any country in world farmer can't decide prize. Its the corporate that decide . Why a corporate will run down its profit by signing that contract that benifit farmer more. Tell mw which contract farming in inddia actually helped farmer in long run . Nashik is the ex. So does punjab. Where company just ruined there harvest. 
False quality grading  leads to cost cutting , decreasing farmer pay ..... 
Inspite of the covid danger for themselves if farmers  are protesting, why is it so hard for the govt. and police to understand the seriousness of the issue ? !!!!
Respect ! Farmers rock !! 
The aim of the farmers was to have a parade just like the parade of the armed forces and show their unity. However this was not allowed and actively blocked.
Now BBC looking to interview those who support farm lol  sala jo jada roye uske pass jao
Farmers should be protected worldwide.  They feed us!! 
Why india's farming system are failing?
God bless the farmers.
Congratulaions to Farmers protest. They showed the whole sub continent the true democratic ways to struggle. More power to Farmers.
 if govt stops farmers doing the work, no food sources for us all
I am farmer business person from Jharkhand and we have all supported and greeted the law. It will brought boon to our business.
Well researched piece I must say. But why not talk about the commissions snatched by middlemen ? Whats the point of presenting one side of any argument when every debate in this country ultimately takes a political angle. Farmers are losing out on income because of these middlemen in mandis even though there exists ample scope of income improvement sources. And also why not discuss about the disappearance of the ground water due to over production of these so called MSP crops ? Its definitely easier to present one side of the debate VOX team
Only 6% of Indian farmers need the MSP(subsidy); majority in Punjab. 
Winning elections is the only motivation for Modi. How many farmers died in this silent agitation. A clear example that this government lacks wisdom. When the farmers were absolutely unconvinced with the farm bill, where was the tearing hurry to have it promulgated? A victory that is absolutely total for farmers. Bravo my Sikh brothers. You proved yet again that nothing unfair can be bulldozed into you. Salute your courage, resilience and fortitude brothers!
Yeahhhh... Its not as easy a topic to discuss in 8 minutes. You got opposition parties , communists , khalistanis, big farmers , middle men etc and its a hot soup of mess.
Now , if this is not happening then either farming is an irrelevant business with increasing efficiency , as a handful of farmers or corporates can now meet all the needs of the needs of the masses ,because the supply has maxed out and one should probably consider moving to other field of business.
Government buys tons and tons of farmers produce maximum of which goes un-utilised and just rots so the private companies are given a chance to buy from them , it will also help boost the economy . I hope you understand . But farmers have the right to protest to anything , the blockade is only the result of violence from the farmers' side . And these are only the farmers of Punjab and Haryana region . more than 50% of Indian farmers from the south , north-west are satisfied and no protests are going on there.
I am proud of son of farmer
Farmers are the big part of our daily life..so it's not only their  problem but also us...They have been striking for 2 months already..and the government didn't do anything till now...
 farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green 
You need to apologise Modi ji. Some section of Farmers weren't worthy. We are with you.
Modi ji understand lord krishna and applied his teaching in his life
3. Watch the documentary " Deja Vu " which is made on the plight of American farmers who  are the victims of same proposed acts .
Shri Narendra Modi and Shri Amit Shah, if both of you are truly Ram Das (servant of Lord Ram) you should have already listened to the voice of agitating Punjabi and Haryani farmers, they should have been already relieved from the bitter and chilly winter on the roads. Please don't forget that the voice of the people is the voice of Lord Ram. If you are a true Ram Das the situation should have been nipped in the bud. This has not happened. You are a fake Ram Das inspired by politics. Saying without any malice.
Some people have been arguing that the growth rate of Bihar agriculture is higher than Punjab even if it's farmers are poorer historically (mostly due to pre and post colonial politicians) so Bihar's system is better but idk much about this issue tbh
An online trading platform for farmers. That can help them sell their products from anywhere to anyone.
Government is making farming like a normal business , to a person who say make soap, price of that soap manufactured by him depends on the market and competition of the time when it was launched in the market. Why do we want government to bear the burden of low quality crops when government does not bear the burden of low quality soap which no one buys.
I support my farmers.
Recommended resolution: Empowering farmers to lead by experimentation, build consensus and make choices rather than embracing contract farming as the only option. Farmers can yield trust-worthy results by understanding problems from all prospectives. Explore broader ranges and allow leads to more innovative solutions that address underlying factors.
Think of it as any other industry. Let's say scooters in India. Its completely private, millions of Indian people need scooters and continue to buy it from a handful of companies. Technically, they could form a cartel and raise the prices together making a massive impact in the Indian marketplace. But does that really happen? No, because free markets also encourage competition. And especially in today's day and age, if 10 companies come together and raise prices, a new company will get set up seeing the discrepancies in margin pricing that they can take advantage off of. Simultaneously, if they keep the prices artificially lower, luring more and more people to buy scooters, a) they will have lower margins and b) once the demand picks up, there will be more raw materials required to keep up with the demand, which would put pressure on the raw materials/resources and drive the prices back up again, else it will not be sustainable for the companies to begin with and they will go bankrupt! if they continue to sell the scooters at lower price than what they can sustain!
Lekin mein yeh phir bhi kahunga ishme hai toh kuch locha hi. Maybe not totally as against farmers but general consumers... but I dunno much about how free market behave but yep govt should have some sorta control over private players so they don't do overbound I guess.
8. BJP refused to have a debate on the bills. They rushed them through.
I heard farmers & government 
I really hope that Farmers do not get mislead because of the repealing of the bill, it's neither sympathy nor empathy just the fear of losing power. So knock them out while they are down.
Very Happy n bigest salute to Unity of Farmers. U all are saviour of democracy n guide to whole nation.
"Pls Read the laws if not already and spred the word so that innocent farmers don't waste their time and energy in baseless fears. It's our responsibility to clear misconceptions. 
Just one observation. You mention govt interference through 3rd bill to prevent price rise. Also mention free market through 2nd bill - insisting that farmer might stand to gain or lose due to price fluctuations. But if you prevent price rise through 3rd bill, then not only are you intervening into free market - you are also preventing farmer from making money on price rise but letting him lose when prices are low. Both aspects cannot hold simultaneously.
The farmers are dependent and exploited by APMC coz all apmc r chaired by politicians or their associates.  And politicians cant let lose such a money making machine.  So the protest
THERE WAS A REASON WHY PUNJAB IS THE FIRST STATE MENTIONED IN NATIONAL ANTHEM..AAJ DEKH LIYA KYUN...JAB SBKI KAMAR TOOT GYI..IN LOGON NE SARKAAR KI JADEIN HILAA DI...TAKE A BOW SARDAAR JI 
Thanks bro for supporting farmers
But i am sure these things are just propaganda , 80% farmers have no problem with bill is also propaganda ... these   are the real farmers and not khalistani  i am sure about tha
Aware farmers are been labelled Anti Social.
We need to support farmers to those who really so educated people should help them if you are truly educated !
Feel proud on farmers, Respect  
Indirectly he hit the  rich dalals of punjab &  Haryana.
Thus, the protests obvioulsy are mostly by farmers in punjab and haryana region as they will be hit negatively due to the diversification of the market and it will be a boon for the rest. Govt should take in their demands and try to soothe it out too, but farm laws remedification is needed.
Thanks  for showing the truth #supportfarmers
Now Modi Ji just have to take his wife back 
1.  I wish you can talk about the limitation that the 1st law imposing on farmer, if there is a dispute on contract the farmers cant go to court to dispute.
BMW , Mercedes driven farmers. What about the small and farmers of the country??? They know nothing about these laws and More importantly they know nothing about MSP (Minimum Support Price). Its time to analyze it.
Watch- Farmer protest inspiring speech by Gopi ram - Kisan dharna morcha Singu-Kundli Border Delhi
Farmers are LIFE-GIVING Communities, they are very productive members of the family.
And no one needs to understand #farmbill, if farmers say NO , it should be and it should remain as NO
Well, Editing in this video is just the next level. Its not one of the best.... It is the best video so far covering the Farmers protest. 
Bhakths acting like All these were for Farmer's Good.  Will they say that Lakhimpur incident was also for their Good
Support_Farmers.
Bad politics against farmers of any nation is one of the cheapest act.
If farmers are opposing it then what's the problem of taking back the bill? They don't want this 'gift' please take it back.
3rd gurranted price contract me hogi jis se barish dhup kisi ke karan farmer ko loss nahi hoga..
About contract farming, the set up is quite similar to futures' market in finance (fixing the price in the contract before farming). A solution to avoid counterparty risk in these farming contracts could be to set up an exchange. It may not be feasible immediately but can be pondered on for long term benefits in order to increase transparency in future.
Moral of the story : Muslim and Sikhs will always win against Modi's Hindutva government!!
1. Only 6% farmers sell in APMC Mandi (Majority in Punjab and Haryana : Hence protest) , which means 94 % of farmers are almost not impacted...however now they got an option of legal framework which never existed !!
Good video with utmost clarity on farm bills and protests
Thank you so much Vox for this documentary. Shame on Indian media for not supporting the farmers!
Thts 1 way to get non indians support.. cause traffic and chaos in a traffic jam infested city/state.. To support farmers not even in the US (where 1 can argue, is struggling too)
2. (Farmers of Punjab are the richest)
He repel law because of election in some state India (Uttar Pradesh, Punjab ,Goa etc ) 
But this will do not cater the problem of exploitation by buyers which won't buy produce at MSP or above MSP, because new bills do not provide legal backing to MSP. Hence farmers are protesting.
Govt must monitor the supply / price mechanism but no APMC at any cost.
See the problem in our nation is the opposition being completely biased and oppose every bill made by the government in power and when there is a real problem in any bill then the government also thinks that opposition are habitual of opposing and they don't realize the flaws in the bills. So what we have to do is make opposition understand that support the current government in bills which are flawless and the government should listen the opposition on the real flaws in the bills. Only then our country will prosper. 
The Farmers (Empowerment & Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill
Also the new farm laws allows farmers to form aggregates (basically multiple farmers or multiple villages can enter into a contract with one coporate/private contractor as one single, giant entity). This alone should nullify any scope of coporations dominating the farmers.
People who are still against farmers start eating gober.
Im shocked Canada didnt have protest given the large Punjabi population. Since most Indians in the US are Gujarati
Now the poor farmers will suffer further kudos to them because the poor farmers never came to the streets to protest against the middle man and rich farmers if they favoured the farm law rip all the poor farmers.
Mam the ground reality is not even 10% farmers are selling on MSP.
USA can have openness to trade anywhere for farmers. But when India does, you have a problem. Vox has disappointed this time. This laws giving an opportunity for farmers to earn more.
Support farmers they only feed the country but poor people don't  understand
But farmers forming cartel appears to be very difficult.
Sir what is your stand on MSP ? You come on tv and just beat about Bush on farmer's protest .
We stand by farmers  we stand by truth Govt wants to aquire farmers land by means of new laws... When there won't be land left with farmers so there won't be any farmers left u will just see farmers working as labours in there own land under coperate houses  food grain and supplies prices will hike and it will be impossible for a low income  wager to support there family...  Rich will become more richer and poor will become poorer 
Industry is asked about the policies it wants but agriculture policy is decided without consulting farmers or agricultural scientist
May be another jumla from modi , after the rule only farmers should stop  , otherwise he will change again, unless pm , he should be a good drama player
Modi like to watch nice girls movie not this kind of arrogance done by bjp. Gundas
Why don't you just give your opinion in straight words that whether or not the new farm bill is good or bad for farmers! You have just given information about existing law. No rational conclusion
Sir, as per Supreme Court Judgement in 1976 Farmer can sell his produce anywhere in India. One market slogan is just a marketing strategy of Modi Government.
Support farmers. Somebody has to fight this fascist government.
Another point to look after is...if the farmers are happy with Mandi and MSP why are farmers are in depression, demanding loan waiver, not able to sell their produces? We have farming, we sell to Mandies with No choice. If see overall/bigger picture pan India picture, we can find solution...not only for Punjab and Hariyana!
Support Farmers Protest
Up me and 5 state me election hone vala hai isliye Modi ji dar gye 
I think government and farmers should really come to the table again and resolve through dialogue. Otherwise we are setting horrible standards for our democracy in future not just for this government but any government that will be in power.
Watch how Australian are supporting farmers protesting in India: https://youtu.be/sc_S1YeAij8
Very informative video. MSP concerns of Farmers from Maharashtra and Haryana are genuine. I liked most explanation, However theoretically the concerns looks smaller but in reality/practically as a child of farmer and a background of families back in India and understanding their perspective they also have valid concerns and fear from this Acts. To resolve this Government should come forward and speak face to face with farmers who are protesting and try to neutralise their concerns by adding insurance and assurance. Government currently is almost blunt and rude about it that is further creating fear and uncertainties. Baat karne se har masle solve hote hain. Very good content, excellent presentation and thorough command over thought abstraction and very engaging video.
This is not done I'm very disappointed by Modi ji what the benefit of having 300+ seats and still you can't implement the bills on ground. This set a example of any group people can come together and oppose any bill block roads and pressurise government to revoke that bill , so what the benefit of having power, are those bills were wrong than why earlier you support those bills and argued on very stage. I don't think there is any benefit of having a majority government anymore.
That's a Great day for farmers.....pr yeh kanun wapis le ne se jan gaya hua kisan zinda honge 
If this video is really for farmers then make it in hindi properly ...
Also the govt is ready to takk to farmers if they feel something is missing. that happens all the time. the stakeholders can nd shd give their views. 
In West Bengal, the APMC act is not followed strictly. The number of Mandis is also very less. One has to travel long distances to sell the product in Mandi. The market price is much less compared to the minimum support price. Most of the farmers are forced to sell products at less prices. Company agriculture is also very common in West Bengal. Many companies went to our area and offered farmers higher prices and told them that they will buy all products. However, the condition is you have to buy everything like fertilizer, etc from them. They will sell these fertilizers at very high prices (almost four or five times of the market cost). Eventually, what happens, cost of farming rises, and farmers started to suffer. Sometimes even companies also do not want to take all products showing quality issues. Eventually, farmers will suffer losses. After suffering these kinds of losses, in our area, farmers stoped doing these kinds of agriculture.
What a Fascist Government India has, Government should listen to the Farmers and withdraw the illegal Bill, 200 Farmers are dead since this protest started. What should the farmers do wait until more die of cold, modi should withdraw this illegal bill concocted up by his buddies, ambani and adani.
Thank you for a very clear explanation..informative and easy to understand.  Could you give another presentation on current farmers agitation and concerns. Also is this only for Punjab and haryana farmers ? Is there nexus between farmers and traders? What is d role of state governments in d present situation?
aache din k seller ... i hope farmer wins the war
4:47 Actually farmers was quite....here but the opposing party made it controversial by throwing stone and flames
Wait for a few more years for global warming to wreck havoc with droughts and floods. When the food supply dwindles then people  will wake up. If the farmers don't have enough for themselves then what can others expect ?
Wtf modiji... Even you've repeal the laws you won't get their votes 
Now all Farmers will become Crorepati 
How they call them farmer bcoz they belong to punjab...... R u comeding. Me...... Farmers means not only punjab
Paagal Hai protestors. Farmer ko benefit he hora hai isse
I'm surprised that farmers are protesting for giving them freedom in selling their produce!
which state receive more MSP bihar or punjab?
Now, corporates can store the grains for as long as they want because the new bills also exclude grains and rice from the essential commodities act which stopped them from doing so. Now the corporates will control the market price. They can keep the grains for as long as they want and as much as they want. Maybe the market is low and the price for grains is less, so the corporates will stop the supply. And according to a very mere theorem of economics - Less supply, More demand so more rates of these essential commodities. Moreover these government will buy less grains from now onwards so the food which was earlier rationed is also going to eventually stop.
Honestly explained the truth of farmer's protest  love from Panjab
Good now the international media has some attention on farmers protest in India. Appreciate your efforts brother thank you.
How can someone be stupid and dump for saying Political Parties Protest a Farmer Protest ...
This is not only win of farmers  this is win of democracy 
6 : 43 aunty will you stop eating from today cause u should . U won't get food if farmers will die each day .
Very large farmer's protests are taking place in Germany, but no one has tweeted for those farmers. I think no one offered a penny for that
They could not do much during Vajpayee times as it was coalition. Now they think they can continue with their aims of  their founding  members which is to destroy Indian constitution. However first taste was CAA protests. Now at last they understood what civil disobedience means. Acted too tough in the initial three months of farmer protests. Now the crooks have to give in.
Government gets a lot of profit from corporate company so why they will think about farmer
Will try to buy directly from farmers only hereafterwards
7. The foreign punjab seperatist/secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the
j) Basic policies should not be changed. But,  additional options may be introduced for safety of farmers and the organisation. 
Who called it Farmer's protest not Farmer's party, lul.
Very greatly manipualted his talks around the things on which govt agreed to talk and bring solution even govt was ready to levy same tax as of apmc in private mandi and was ready to give this subject to state whether to apply further taxes or not
1minimum support price controll ruling party decide rate in Kerala coconut and rubber congress govt reduce price so people cut all rubber tree and coconut .
all I can say that 'Punjab' is one of the most important agriculture state in India. and as far as Punjabis are concerned they don't give up easily. they have a long courageous and brave history and prety much stick to their roots. modi is picking up fights with wrong people
A small shopkeeper also sells his goods at fixed prices. But a single farmer is the only one whose crop price is determined by other people. Why is it like this? I am also a son of farmer and support farmer protest.
How is the interviewer more concerned about the polices feelings than the livleyhoods of the farmers. really bbc? Why pretend to care about corona virus on this specific event when the farmers have been in groups protesting for 2 months now, all the while they could spread the virus. If the BBC was honest they would ask why the government is not capitulating or negotiating in good faith to stop the spread.
Farmers innocent h, aur govt guilty h, so there is no need for judicial trials
Jai Kisan #supportFarmersProtestIndia #kisanAndolan take back the three anti farmer farm laws.
real farmer lost today
Farmers are very productive members  (More than 50% Indian population) of the country.
So in simple worlds according to this new rule if you have an headache insted of eating Paracetamol or pain killer you will cut you head to prevent from headache  wow great rule wa modi ji wa. ....... If there is any problem in apmc then resolve that problem inspite of removing all apmc
As I am researching on this yet I feel both things were not that effective all of them have flaws ,maybe ist one is effective in 1960 but this is 2021 and farmers were in bad conditions and there is a need of a something new.
Contract farming is going to teach every farmer on who to do a  profitable farming.. big changes are on the way for India.. there will be massive studies and research will be done in farming and money will be  pouring by private corporates... Well done India !!!
Victory for Farmers.
@gurjots 88  bro listen I'm not pro government or anti government ....I'm an indian and it boils my blood seeing that in the name of farmers protest some of these mischievous elements are messing around and breaking our country....n I will support the government if it does something good in terms of strengthening our national security and also speak against them in issues related to labourer migration, demonitisation...btw I have been pro-farmer earlier...bcoz many of the government bills/policies look good in papers but in reality they don't turn out as expected and creates more issue ...the farmers know what is actually good for them so was supporting farmers...but now the real issue is taken over by dirty politics both Indian and International politics...and mind you i have never mentioned these protestors as farmers in my comment ..i dont believe they are real farmers ....now the focus is shifting to Khalistan movement instead of the real issue related to farmers bill... let's hope at the end the real peaceful farmers win and not these violent protestors staged by who knows..Jai Hind ..Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
My uncle is also farmer but he's not involved in this shitty protest 
This is such a joke! In the first place only very few are farmers there others are people calling themselves as farmers! Do you know what is the farmer population of India? Nearly 90 crores that is 900million! and if most of them are on a agitation the whole country would have been under siege! Utter falsehood!! You are not fit to talk about India! and may be of any other country!
Yes sir you are supporting so much to farmers .keep it up.and government have no right to go against farmers . As they should see farmers wish and .agree what farmers say.
Support Khalistan Movement 
OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal.
in my opinion, farmers should be one of those jobs you look at like a doctor or a dentist. 100% need a larger pay
Proud to be a farmer no farmer no food 
Mandis and APMCs may not be the best system but that doesn't mean what is being implemented is good.
Kitna double standard hai BBC. Jab is tarha ki reports dikhana chahiye tha to gov and bill against reporting and now oh galt ho gyaa
this is the power of farmers and vote also
Indian farmers are actually welcoming these laws 
But farmers won't go back till MSP is covered under Law, despite having repealed these Laws.-As said by BKU leader
Farmers with Lamborghini 
Twisting of facts by Vox. Bihar has been always poor. It is only since 2006 Bihar has improved. Rate of agricultural growth in Bihar has been much higher than Punjab since 2006.  Also, please show the other side of the story on how farmer unions from Maharashtra are backing the new laws.
4. The car ploughing through farmers was attacked by goons in the protest because it belonged to the ruling party, 2 ppl in the vehicle died the others survivved only because the driver accelerated carelessly.
An amazing turn of events another big achievement by Modi government from a country of Jai Javan, Jai Kisan converted to Javan vs Kishan. There could not be any better implementation of divide and rule/conquer found in History ofcourse second to Britishers.
Inka land agar coorperates ne own kiya to vo principally aur scientifically galat hoga # resign EVM fraudsters shah, modi
These farmers are also protesting against Anti Pollution laws brought in by the government. Stubble burning is rampant in Haryana and Punjab . Farmers in Bihar earn less because per capita land is also less , it is 5-6 times densely populated than  Punjab . Also Water levels in Punjab is going down . More paddy should be grown in Eastern Provinces like West Bengal and Bihar rather than in Punjab . The monopoly of these Punjabi Big farmers needs to stop . There is no APMC system in the east . Investment should be made in eastern Provinces .
We want more video on farmer protest
we need reforms in terms of changing the cropping pattern speacially in Punjab and adjoining areas beacuse if this continues agriculture will not be sustainable at all & the Punjab economy is gonna tank in next 8 -10 yrs  . need revised  farm bills/laws that promote better sustainable practices & incentivises farmers to change cropping pattern
Punjab doesn't represent whole india. The one you saw in this clip owns a tractor & car (a luxurious one). In other parts of India farmers hardly own tractors they rent it. Stubble burning is horrible for environment as well as for soil. Trust me I'm a farmer.
APMC will be compelled to give proper value above MSP so a healthy trading will start . APMC and corporate will approach farmer simultaneously so better price they can achieve. Culturally backwardness is main problem of all future consequences of all existing laws.
Fact is leaving Punjab & Haryana rest states have welcomed this policies which were in election manifiesto of previous governments also and long pending - for formers and citizens both.
Recently, there have been strong protests from farmers, especially from the states of Punjab and Haryana, against three farm bills that seek to replace ordinances issued in june 2020.
Is it not dangerous for Modi to have his rallies and those spectators viewing Independence Day?
HinjidoPaidMPs DhritRastra PMOIndia should raise agni missile against such Tukde Jehadi cancer @dna
The guys who just climbed and de-flaged the Indian flag, the ones who drove their tractor aggressively, do u really think these are farmers
What is the ultimate solution to end the Hitler-Modi government in India?
We Pakistani should learn from the farmers instead of being in slumber we should raise our voice for the restoration of democracy in its true spirit .. Salute to the farmers
2. She said farmer can't sell out of of his zone. In 1977 janta dal passed resolution that India is a one zone.
This law is good for poor farmers,  but the propogendaist like can't understand 8
Government showed its real face in Lakhimpur. They are playing with Farmers. I am with Farmers.
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'....
We support Indian farmers, down with Modi government
All Hindu Sanatani brothers, Sakhas and nationalists, Bajrang Dal workers, RSS volunteers, join us. Jai Jai Shri Ram. Jai Hind Vande Mataram Bharat Mata Ki Jai. Victory . Jai Hindu Rashtra. Jai Hindutva.
THIS WAS DONE BY BJP ONLY TO SAFEGUARD ITS INTEREST IN UP ELECTION.....
Farmers are not cared when there is food surplus. So as other aspects of economy. It's a free economy. Why do you want monopoly?? Afraid of competition?
There is no MSP on vegetable or fruits. Only 6% of total agri output of India is brought through MSP
people say modi only repealed them because he wants the votes in the upcoming elections, but isn't this what democracy is all about? it is because india has democracy that modi is forced to listen to the farmers' voices and repeal these laws. were india a more authoritarian country, these farmers would be crushed and the head of state would cling on to power as usual.
Always with our farmers. They're fighting for everyone protesting against this fascist government. We'll win this fight.
3 farm bills are taken back by the govt. But now question is that when farm bills are implemented all the farmers of india can sell their crops to any one in any cost without the intruprion of middle man which helps them to get more benifit 
No one can beat punjabi's . We are children of Guru Gobind singh.  Ye bjp andhbhakt , kangna all are just dust ..... nothing.
I believe this is a political masterstroke on BJP's behalf. There are elections in Punjab and UP in 2022 so ek teer do nishaane for the BJP.
Did you know that on the old system onion was sold by farmer for 5 rs per kg and reached consumer at 50 rs per kg? I wonder who is getting all this money Kappa
Farmers: Demands the government to roll back the ordinances. 
This is one of the best videos I have seen about farm bills.
they will never allow the country to prosper N farmers to grow
respect to farmers
In this system Purchasing whether done by Private Player or FCI or Others ...all under the APMC ACT in which MSP Clearly defined
Canadian PM also spot farmers
I don't know what to say, but this is not fair to Indian farmers, from American
By far the best video on the controversial farm laws. Indian media has repeatedly tried to play to the tune of the ruling regime, with outlets like The Wire, Quint, Mint, NDTV being exceptions.
They are not real farmers .,See why one religious organisation is doing Road Block in UP.,Who are there to instigate violence and Lynch BJP Supporters.this seems a conspiracy
I am a farmer. The procurement of the ordinances is just a imagination that this government is thinking. What kind of freedom they want to give to the farmers? Go and get exploited..
Farmer can sell anywhere
Madam you didn't told that msp named is just a shit in this bill and 15 month land on lease as well as stockpile will increased inflation rate.
Now come at the protests, India is a country of 1.4bn, 60% of its population work in agriculture. Do you really think some 5-10 thousands farmers from only 2 states represent the whole nation?? These protests were organised due to vested political interests, people who sat on roads have nothing to gain from repealing of these laws, though if they're real farmers then it's a loss of opportunity for them.
More power to the farmers ! Jai Hind !
@ I  think we all farmers should Stop cultivate for next 5 years .Then we will see what will happen?Of course we will do cultivate but only for own consume,than all rest  can eat GOBER.
May souls of our great farmers who sacrifice their lives rest in peace 
there's a minimum guaranteed price for the farmer in this  contract , the buyer is liable to pay that price even if there's no yield,  secondly if the prices rise after the contract farmer can get thst price athe time and point of sales,
So let us accept bill, a minority cannot dictate the might of Parliament. If there is any problem, let us handle it then. MSP cannot be continued like this. Government is subsidising 90% of total expenses under MSP. This subsidy is a huge amount( more than a lakh crore of Rupees) now met by all of us through taxes. This benefit is only for farmers of Punjab and Hariyana. Farmers of Kerala or Bihar are not getting. If we succumb to this arm twisting of a moneyed minority, democracy may disappear from this land paving the way as in China or North Korea.These bills were made after study by best our economists and agricultural scientists for many years. Opposition parties had included these bills in their manifesto. Now they are opposing it !!!
Thank you VOX for such a easy tutorial for world audience. Farmers are being cheated in a democratic country so openly and whoever talks about it is blamed as anti national. 200 people lost their lives so far in this protest but still not a single word or a tweet for them from the head of the state. Which can give you a glimpse that how much Indian government is serious about these protests .
Birth is going on in India with farmers And birth takes place with Kashmiru  India PM is not good  Atrocities with muslims
Thx to show the right side of farmers protest. This is a slap to godi media of India. Love from England
India is going to distroyd by politics."already"
Pakistan also has free market system since 1947 and we (farmers) are very happy with this system .
Very good explanation on farm bills by Mr Gupta
*"Why are farmers protesting ?"*
Govt should listen to the farmers
Only few thousand formers protested in Delhi, 99% of formers in India are not even worried about it. Free market will simply take care of the prices. The developed world including USA, the difference in price paid to formers and paid by end consumers is around 10% (and never go above this) in India it can double or even triple. There is an army of thriving middle men in Mandis. Our food storage capacity is simply worse, millions of tons of food is wasted every year in India due to lack of proper storage. Central government said that they will never stop MSP (as they have to give food grains at subsidised price, they have to buy it from market pumping up the price), still form protest didn't stop. They even said to freeze the law for 18 months still it didn't stop. This means this protest is not about form law at all, there may be few genuine formers who are really concerned. 
But it is well known fact that this bill was supportive for small farmer and was loss for rich farmers
Farm laws are great for farmers
I support farmers 
We support as a indian
these farmers are protesting for the right to remain lazy and get a guaranteed income
Most media speaks only political view rather than studying the farmers law... so can you Mia, Greta n super intellect have a basic knowledge about the farm policy in their own country !!!!!
Indian farmers are really great. .
Welldone modi ji , thanks, 
*Contract farming caseil bill parayunnundallo.. minimum guaranteed price should be in the contract, price drop avanelum farmersinu aa contractil ulla price kodukanam.. eni kooduvanel farmersinu decide cheyyam price, ennoke 
And theres a whole new case in indian news channels.#Farmerslivesmatter.
Congratulations mate...from the impoverished upbringing in the hood, you have come up to having first world problems. Couple of points you need to know about Mandis and Farmers
We support farmers  
Now facsist Bjp government know about the strength of Farmers
Think that you are taking food which is grown by farmers
Thank you & solidarity to the farmers, when you win we all win! Solidarity from the Working Class of England!! I run a left wing podcast called 'Lasscast' and am interested in speaking to women involved or knowledgeable about the strikes in India. Please contact lasscast@protonmail.com if you are interested or can reccomend anyone we could speak to.
I don't oppose the farm bills but what had government done to Farmers upset me
Bohot kam mare aur bhi marne chahiye the nakli farmers 
Can you also mention the multiple IMF statements about how these laws will actually increase farmers income?
Modi ji is the Face of it. 
I really like it how u explained everything..also it's a good opportunity for government to hear what are the actual problems are faced by the farmers in day to day life during harvesting or after it.
As an Indian if I cant side with the farmers now, then history wont be the great redeemer I always thought it would be. 
In that case farmers ( owner of Land ) has to bear the cost of seeds and Pesticides to escape this type of situation Farmers has to take Farm insurance ( own by Corporate )  in which the corporate would get back their investment safely ( seed's / pesticides ) and Farmers get their loss under the certification of SDM & DM The Farm insurance company ( own by corporate ) always benifted because insurance is taken by only one and two Or more farmers and rest farmers bear their cost in form of insurance premium
Oh! My god!! Its a great setback to the nation and loss to small farmers.
Could you explain why only the farmers from Punjab participated in these protests??
I also want to join farmers protest 
ISS govenment ke sare schemes Ko ek umbrella ke niche la do first foremost ,. Jo cost of agriculture Ko Kam karne me km ayenge . Kisan credit card , soil health card , Kisan Samman Nidhi , Kisan crop insurance make them mandatory reasonable by law, increase production of solar pump setup given to farmers so they decrease their dependence on electricity expenses
Modi ji sharm h too. .. PM ,,, padh se stifa Doo ,,,,, des ko ,,,, aapse achha chlane Vale .... Bhut h..
These are kisans from ALL of India!!
If farmers don't want to improve their life then left them to stay poor.
I am a farmer and i have no time now a days as i have paddy growing in my fields. Moreover no practicing farmer can ever be politically active.
Farmer is the only businessperson who Buys in Retail and Sells in wholesale and pays for freight Both Ways.
But this is very tiny percent and the level of publicity given and with some people using it for all farmers of India is a bit superficial. The MSP system is one of the stupid system in the current days, India has more than 3 years of grains storage which have MSP. The farmers just keep on growing this, instead they can grow ground nuts which India does import 3 billion usd. The government should support farmers with new laws and strong support system to help them through which they can diversify crops and make profits 
Hona yeh chahiye Kisaan se khareede 10 Rpees mein upbhikta ko beche 25 Rupees mein. Kharred or Bechne par Minimum or Maximum hona chahiye. Kisan or Upbhokta dono ke liye Kanoon theek nahin.
6. THESE LAWS ARE OPTIONAL AND NOT MANDATORY. IF A FARMER WANTS TO FOLLOW THE OLD METHODS, HE IS FREE TO DO SO. THE LAWS ARE NOT IMPOSING AT ALL.
Going wrong with farmers.
Indian agriculture needs that it's infrastructure is improved and that requires funding from both private and public institutions. The new farmer laws will only drive india towards a better tomorrow. This does not mean that I am saying that the farmers grievances are uncalled for. Their grievances are real and I feel for them. But are you aware of the fact that there have been 11 rounds of talks between the farmers and the government? You mentioned that the government has decided to Postpone these laws for 11 months but did you mention about these 11 rounds of talks? Did you mention that the government is willing to make the changes proposed by the farmers? Did you mention that the farmers have denied the changes and fully demand that the government fully repeal the laws? You belong to a country that prides itself on its democracy? This government is a democratically elected one with a 70% majority in the lower house. Do you think it will completely accede to a protest without propper deliberation?
After 1 year passed of the bill, now I clearly understood the bill, I'm a farmers son, now I'm gonna explain this to more...
Today once again the rich farmer of the country won and the poor farmer of the country lost.
I was knowing that the farmers were protesting in kurukshetra but I was not knowing why, but now I got to know
Nonsense bullshit !! Ye saari baate jo hamare non farmer background wale agriculture minister ko batani chahiye wo ye bata rahe h !!!
Government kneel down Infront of farmer because of election har saal ESA  election Hona chahie tabhi desh mein acche din aaenge 
Hello! We have translated subtitles available in Hindi and Punjabi. You can access them through the settings icon > Subtitles/CC
It's clear that these bills will only benefits  the owners of Modi & Amit Shah.
Modi ji barosha kho chuke hai, jo bolte hai uska ulta karte hai, 1) achhe din aryge. #petrol,#disel 2)demonetization  se corruption dur hogi
MODI JI DOING GOOD. IF THESE PROTESTORS HAD FAITH ON USELESS CONGRESS FOR 70 YEARS THEN WHY CAN'T THEY HAVE FAITH ON MODI JI. MY QUESTION IS WHY MAJORITY OF FARMER UNIONS FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF COUNTRY HAVE AGREED. ARE NOT THEY FARMERS??????  BEFORE BLAMING ANY ONE " BE THE CHANGE THAT U WANT TO SEE AROUND U.JAI SHREE RAM, VANDE MATARAM
I hope your thoughts on why farmers were protesting is changed after looking what happened since you made this video. They were protesting to get this bills repel. The farmers those who were protesting are those 6% farmers who gets the benefits of msp. It would be great if you had also covered why only few sections of farmers were protesting.
If he was from farmers family He would not tell them to turn away and go
Who will pay for more then 700  Shahid kisan ?? Has you any answer mr. Modi
4) The new bills are placing farmers and traders at the mercy of civil servants, rather than of the courts but after protest govt agreed that all conflict will be solved in civil court by a judge now.
The only way to increase the income of farmers in Punjab and Haryana is to encourage
juts an update report in brief. A perspective from other side is missing. why goverment wants to bring that ? Now?  whats worlds bank and US interests in it ? what could be other alternatives to bring advance machinery and better facilities and techology for farmers. how it is compraed to other countries.  what system and support farmers have say europe, us south america, china or in a successful farmer market economy.
this video only shows one side of coin.. if system was so perfect in last 70 years then why farmers are so poor in India.
In the mandi scene you just assumed that there was no farmer, is it because there was no one wearing a dhoti and a kurta?
What will happen to SC committee on farm bill now?
Removing middlemen will only improve the condition of farmers and carry over the price savings to consumers driving down inflation. Throughout the industrial revolution what we have seen is that getting more people out of manual labor and streamlining operations removing middle men has always lead to huge benefits being carried over to consumers. Farming is no different than other industries. Would we rather have products sold by middle men who have price monopolies and subjugate farmers and pocket substantial profits or would we prefer giving farmers the ability to sell directly to consumers, set up logistics businesses cold storages prevent food wastage. By that rationale we should have banned cars and should still be using bullock carts because cars are obviously made in industries, pollute the environment and aren't made by small shops.
Violent visuals of rally shown and the speaker talks about the protests being peaceful. Genuine farmers are loosing the public sympathy with this act.  Now all the left-wing and right-wing people give their colours to this act and make it a TRP faade for news channels.
At the end common man and farmers are victim.
hahaha..great video.. This actually sounds pretty good, MSP for security and free market for prosperity. Lot of farm produce get wasted in India, this will actually help reduce the time to sell these perishable goods and reduce hoarding, but may also lead to large scale industrial farming and totally push the poor farmers off the equation. It's high time people left all the farming to automated machines, easier said than done though.
Actually, APMC will become more viable for small farmers I think
Now I feel that there are people in India that can stand against violence and injustice and I'm proud to be a farmers son
I want to make the following comments (Some of these are my personal views and I strictly do not stand against farmers' right to protest):
Only saying "taiyari karra hu" should not be considered a criterion fit enough to publish his views as a standard knowledge or facts (at least that's what a common man perceives) on a reputed channel like yours. Yes he or for that matter anyone is free to express his/her views on any topic and thats why I dont blame him here for anything but only lallantop for presenting it up as a sensational headline. As per the whole acts and laws are concerned, I probably know much more about it than him as I have read in details the present laws, the past history associated with it, the present condition around the world in farm sector and what the future demands. Also to add on, I can probably  tell you actual flaws (that matter) in the acts along with a few corrective measures.  I live in US as a data scientist/analyst and pretty sure people will waste no time in hounding that what do you know about ground situation of farmers sitting there which is fair to say on their part knowing very little about things. In case (1 in a billion probability though) ) if you might want to have my views or a healthy non political debate and discussion not about only farm laws but in general about many other ongoing things, defense, brain drain, etc, I am always up for it. Jai hind 
Thankyou so much for supporting farming
You need to dig more for farmers and farming.
Is there any correlation between your commentary and videos. You should the video after the incident and not the mowning down of farmers. This shows clearly which side the media is taking.
We should be support Farmers
Mashallah  congratulation farmers 
The same as in Europe ... NO FARMERS = NO FOOD
We need this Indian farmer's strength and unity in Europe when it comes to protesting... they don't seem to budge!
Corporatization of farming has resulted in the decline of the trade. Monsanto and other companies don't care about solutions. They care about creating problems that only they have the "solution" for and bill farmers and governments every step of the way towards solving them. Yet they never go away. They are here to stay forever.
The farmer issue is very complex and very poorly studied and presented in this video. The main issue was not touched in this that the farmers are not price makers in this country. If we provide a service we have the right to decide the price of service. The farmers had to be given right of price decision then only the laws make sense or else its the same thing that British did.
bihar election going to happen  soon still this modi government taking chance without any problem why becuase sushant case will empower them through republic tv like media...and we  diverted from the real issue like farm bill... 4th pillar is destroyed and all things are in govt hand 
So respect farmers
One of the farm laws is that they cannot burn the leftover after harvest by burning a matchstick which is the reason for increasing pollution in northern India and that too msp one of the fears is addressed as it will not be scrapped but still they don't agree they have a right to protest but should be done peacefully
Watch what written on their Flags they are not Indian farmer's
Come on here in that bill it doesnt say that they should compulsory should sell it outside the APMC...this guy came here with the name of I m educated ..wow man he said 2 hector farmer who will sell in Delhi tamil nadu? Wow he will sell it in APMC itself , here government or that bill never said they should not sell it in APMC..
Let tham discuss modi and farmers Dear police army you just stand and watch no more violence.
We should support all farmers
Why can't government declare farmers as government employees they don't need quarters to stay but can provide medical health education pension assurance n travelling expenses for free...instead of giving loans and misguideing them resulting in their death...Only rich is getting richer n poor is getting poorer
Then these law can be implemented by state government. That will help the state eventually and that state could become a role model of prosperous farmers
But why only punjabi farmers thinks its anti farmer......that to canadian punjabi's
first half farmers support farm laws 
Druv talk about free media where government has no involvement .Farm bill is going to remove involvement of government in mandi system
There's a lot of drawbacks in the current form market where the middlemen gets bulk of the profit. It's very essential to weed them out and create a market where farmers can directly bargain with the buyers.
Apmc ensures MSP and forces govt to buy the products. APMC has it own flaws which should be removed. 
I hope farmers now learn the value of those farm laws
India has 600 million farmers.
Public is now asking about bjp paid man Anna azar every time he come out with big natak when Congress government is there mr azar now u speak farmer's are dieing in road ru alive or no more mr Anna azar
You want to raise farm income? Dont complain about inflation when food prices go up. Its actually helping farmers. You can spend 1000 at a Pizza Hut but complain if food prices go up by a few rupees? Hypocrites!
The example of sugar cane private factories.... Even though the MSP is there but, sugar cane farmers are at the marsy of private factories in terms of payment of their crop... payment can be delayed upto 8 to 9 month and sugar cane take 1 year in field... So indirectly farmers receive the fruits of their hardwork in 21 months... After that much waiting, that fruit also becomes rotten because the farmer has so much debt that the money goes to repay the debts of the banks...
Farmer protests have a lot of support internationally . Its their right to protest in democracy against laws they disapprove of . The government is inconsiderate to women and childrens suffering it is doing injustice to minority communities and should be removed.
Farmers nu vendatha oru bill enthinanu avare adichelpickunnathu .
Muh me ram bagal me chhura.......bachpan me suna tha, ab BJP ne sach kiya.. i am really proud of you Modiji...... 
AAP is an offshoot of BJP. Kejriwal was quiet on NRC/CAA protests and he has passed Farmers Bills in Delhi. He never said anything about Shaahed protest. Kejriwal is a dangerous man. Now he is worried about losing his CM position is Delhi .
Its tragedy for small farmer
Farmers should have meeting with Modi ji.
Thanks BBC for covering each n every coverages of farmers agitation
Who is here after the three farm laws have been repealed. Kissan andolan zindabad!! , proud of our farmers!!
what do u mean by : even canada showed concern. Who is Canada to take n interest in our internal matters. Not anybody. Then why? Becoz he is  ensuring the khalistanis vote. And i am sure u cld not b so ignorant as to not know wht the khalistanis want. So r u for d breakup of india?? pl clarify. Tu pura bewakoof hai. Sorry dude.
Rich Farmers and Middle man weren't happy with the Bill, they completely ignored the poor farmers, REAL FARMERS who commits SUICIDES, who work in sun bare foot, who sometime merely able to feed his kids a day meal. 
I request to all the viewers of this video, please share this video as much as possible so that we can relieve our farmer brothers against the ones spreading wrong rumours .
Proud of our farmers, hope they win their righteous fight!
Trader will increase now as no licensing needed at all and if there will be no msp then farmer exploitation will get increase as more trader will involve in process and negotiations.
This country couldnt thank the farmers enough for saving the democracy. Its not easy to sleep on roads for a complete year. I m also among these farmers who have been sleeping on roads. My heart fills with anger when I think the behaviour of this govt, godi media and bhakts towards us
I went through many comments on the issue and understood that common people are supporting these laws but why these fucking political parties don't understand.just for votes, they will destroy small farmers
Modiji is the great the greatest the great work...Priyanka Jo sochati kabhi pura nahi hoga...
Increasing number of respiratory diseases and deaths in Delhi and other North Indian cities will show why these laws were necessary. One of the 3 laws was against stubble burning.
Modi ji is a throw Gentleman, he shows his Greatness but opposition parties interest is in to make their own Government only let the country go to he'll...jai hind
Farmers should be educated...
normally i dont like to respond on youtube but i will make you an exception . while explaining the bill you have made some assumption that the small farmers sell out of the mandis while the big farmers sell in mandi's . i think the real situation is the opposite the big farmer has contacts and has the know how of the market most importantly he has the money so if the items are not perishable like vegetables or fruits then he has sit on it and store it and wait for the appropriate time when the price rises and then take it out for selling . on the other hand the smaller farmer are in dire need to money that is why they have to go to mandi where on the middle exploits them . the other thing is why is it that you always try to bring the bigger corporation have you seen the song padara padara from mahesh babu movie . in that song he brings the city folks to the villages and that is what is the need of the hour . we need to know our villages better . instead of the big corporations why not have smaller cooperatives set up both by the ordinary people and the farmers where on the farmers will sell their product and the ordinary people cooperatives can buy off these farmers cooperatives for the right prices . you have talked about the msp well the government's job is to give such msp as to have balance of both . the trouble is with the hoarders who the government are compelling with these laws and i think that the real problem is there . big farmers and middle man want that and that is why i think they have nothing but instigated the ordinary farmer in these protests plus political parties .
If they loved farming soo much,why left india ? poverty?
No food no farmer
now y u r not making vedio on the work done by the farmers on the red fort and the brutal activities done by the so called farmers with police.....now justify their activity....or still govt. is wrong by giving them permission for the rally
2. FCI is procuring more wheat than required because of the MSP system, this food can be put in market, this excess supply in market can absorb the high prices of foodgrains. 
Where are the small farmers? They all are rich farmers small farmers are happy
Please support Farmers
thank you abhi and niyu main to phone me bill ki pdf lekar gumta hu when someone starts talking about this i just explain this before they speak garbage because you guys know aaj kisi ko actually me civil discuss nahi karna but which politial party they support and what political view they have osko signal karna hai. actual problem gae bhad me.
Himmat hai modi ji ki.... So much patience... The quality of a Holy man.. Respect u
And congratulations to our farmers  
These are no farmers. They are the same middlemen who has caused farmer poverty in the first place. These middle men are politically motivated and must be crushed at all costs.
704 farmers killed. They are no less than freedom fighters.
A Big joke. There is not like farmers in this rally
Like to know was not farmers allowed to sale its crop outside the apmc market if found a good deal before this bill?
This will gurantee farmers in written legislation on MSP. People like Adani and Ambani etc can't buy below MSP and exploit the Farmers. Simple.
Sir...ye jo private players agriculture me la rhe h ye model western countries me around 1970 se chal rha h or at present time me vha pr farmers ki conditions very bad ho rhi h... suicide rates of farmers are increasing in western countries. I don't think so it's better Idea to implement in india.
2.Regarding loss of revenue to States in this no GST on Agriculture produce.APMC continues so if farmer wants to sell through Mandis and pay APMC charge  and Adhori/ Commission ,then so be it.Farmer is not your slave that you will compel him  to sell through APMC a  Monopoly only.
I will vote for bjp for next 40 years and only this govt can bring reforms and dnt even think of congress making any changes....this punjabi and northern brokers will be tought a lesson by southern states how to develop....
Following your logic they will just destroy punjab due to their farming methods.
Removing of MSP will effect farmers big time because they will lose their sure income from 2 crops wheat and rice. 
Farmers should stop selling goods for a few days, just to remind everyone that Farmers are the Pillar holding the Nation up. Many seem to forget the food they are eating don't magicaly fall from the sky. The Farmers sacrifice health and comfort to feed the country. Even if the Farmers stop supplying goods for a day or two the whole country will pay a very heavy price.
It isn't right to stop trains beacouse most of passengers are going important places for example some are  going to appear at the examination any goes to give interviews etc more important places farmers should stop leaders, travels
Historic victory for farmers and our Democracy 
No food with out our farmers, please support them
Farmers were manipulated by politicians. So you prefer middle men to flourish at the expense of small farmers. Don't let your hatred for Modi cloud your objectivity.And I am not Modi fan.
For farmers only covid excellent?
I guess sikh farmers are much more organised than haryana and up farmers
This Shameless Anchor was trying too hard to prove Black Laws right & farmers terrorists for the past 1 year .. now she is Frustrated :).. Truth wins ! It started on auspicious Guru Nanak Devjis Gurpurab Farmers have saved Democracy
We can only hope for something better to come...but it wasn't fair to repeal the 3 farm laws...on the demands of the few...
The poor farmers deserve their own country in Punjab.
I can't thankyou enough, thanks for reporting on the ground and connecting all the people with farmers and their emotions 
Thanq dhruv.. I m daughter of farmer... Atleast u showed concern     for us... And RIP indian media
IF MSP could be fixed for all crops, Onion tomato, potato, other vegetable, fruit prices could be properly controlled. One yr onion is sold 2 rs per kg next 40 rs ...
dhruv sir plz make a video that how can we help farmers 
BTW, 900 million people voted the previous year in world's largest democratic franchise. Modi is elected by Indian people, not media.
If farmer's have issues and doubts for bills, government  need to talk to them and clear the doubts. Most important thing is why government  is supporting privatization... 
Its a great victory against the government. Well said Akash. Keep up doing the good work .
This  is war between cow gang and farmers.
Government made this law to modernise the current agriculture situation but our farmers r too much attached to the old laws and styles and this is not a problem for only the farmers but all india we don't want change ...ffff
Farmers 
Modi is playing victim and emotionally  acting. Farmers are right. The laws were losses.. what modi did earlier was not totally beneficial to the farmers
But if you see what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask you to stand behind farmers and students from tonight and together we shall give them a 25th of September that shall never, ever be forgot.
Anyone if don't know, farmers won!
Again one sided story. Also make video on locals whose livelihood is ruined by this protest. Now farm laws have been repealed but protest continues.
2. Why did the Farmers deviate from their routes which were decided earlier?
I just started watching ur videos and really liked them. But not really happy with this particular video as it contains alot of flaw for example regarding the essential act bill, not farmers hoarded their crop to create artificial shortage of crop but it's the middlemen who bought from farmers and stored food to create deficit.
Had you been following reporting the way the sequence had been going on you wouldn't have believed it was in farmers nature to do that, don't show propaganda news
Bill Is really Beneficial For Farmers
Harsiimrat  istafa acchha hua. B J P uchit hai Akali dal ke sath nata torna. Akali Dal kisan ke heet nahi chahta. Badal family ek corporate family, totally corrupt
go with organics just get used to mass starvation, at least it will solve the population problem. you just don't have enough people in the industry, enough good land to support 8 billion people via organics farming.
Modi step down you dont know how to run your country. #istandwiththefarmers #nofarmersnofood
Pathetic condition of farmers in a country like INDIA 
I am son of farmer and I support Bill..
Biggest loser is farmers. Let hope the committee will do something since supreme kotha      comittee report.
How you can say PM g because of some farmers protest farms laws being canceled 
Just they are showing farmers side nd captioned congress workers shameless media sold out even they removed dislike button use my like button as dislike button
The explanation is so unbiased that those who are pro-government, belive the bill is good for farmers and those who are anti understand why the bill is bad for farmers. It also says that the bill has it share of both good and bad, and a proper discussion would make it lot better for every party involved.
Get your facts staraight man.....i don't believe u would have actually taken the effort to go through the reformed farm bill 2020
The most comprehensive yet concise presentation of Farmers Protest. Thank you.
What a crap .... these people haven't even read the bill. Even I am also grandson of a farmer. My grand pa is really happy new system.... even though he is not educated enough to understand all aspects of bill.. but he is smart enough to understand how this bill will be beneficial. 
Obvious election gimmick but relief for now .Hope Punjab doesn't vote for them though
I stand with farmer MSP             
Is this good for the country? Farmers of two and half states hold government to ransom and government had to give in. Free electricity. Free water - in fact turning India into desert. Free right to pollute and in fact kill so many in north India due to breathing problems. Plus government guaranteed price for rice and wheat that India does not need - but government forced to buy rice and wheat and that lies waste in FCI godowns. Wonderful I suppose? Wonder why farmers outside Punjab, Haryana and Western UP did not join protests ... These bills were good for the country and economists supported it and was passed by elected representatives. What precedence does this set?
Essential commodity act pr is ladke ne jo kaha wo 100% sach h. Ye kisan bill pure desh k sath dhoka h.
Who the f*uk will compensate the farmers whose lives were lost in this protest, that they were forced to do, due to ridiculous laws passed when the parliament wasn't functioning. Who will compensate families who lost their members, protesting in Delhi? These laws weren't ever discussed and debated and were passed in a hurry to provide a ready market for exploitation by big corporations run by Adani and Ambani. Modi you are doing this too late and due to politics, because elections are coming up in Punjab and BJP was sure to loose there as well.
Let me tell the protesters are fringed. They are not mainstream farmers.
Would like to see more videos on Kisan Protest, Godi media will not show the reality.
Boycott brokers which taking parts in protest by the name of farmers.
Na sirf punjab and haryane ka marketing system best h world me, PUNJAB HARYANA hi best h world me
Trevor Noah cares about farmers. First I'm hearing about it
Farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections....
example se smjiye abhi government msp jaari krti h kaafi faslo pr jaise oats,rice,wheat etc.    ab government ne msp to jaari kr di lekin procure sirf government wheat or rice kr rahi h ... or baaki faslo ko procure nhi kr rahi government (FCI)... Ab jin faslo ko govm procure nhi krti unko private player khareed te h or m apko bta du private player msp se kahi km price pr khareed krte h ... ex oats ka msp - around 1600/quintal
Subsidies are the problem, indirectly inducing farmers to grow cash crops all due to the want of MSP. Sustainability, Variety and Health was out of the picture.
Government has to translated these bills into all languages and distribution among the farmers, so they can understand. Also government should explain it directly to the farmers, so that the farmers should have knowledge about it.
I have watched so many videos on this, but by far, this is the best explanation for all three farm bills. Kudos!
Truth is 99.9 % farmers are with Modi govt Truth is that most of the so-called farmers are middlemen or rich farmers of punjab A small state of India ruled by the stupid congress party Truth is Left & congress have lost platform in indian politics & find reasons to create anarchism The idea of these farm laws was conceptualised during congress rule This was discussed for close to two decades in parliament Almost every opposition leader supported it in parliament. But they are hypocrites. Since 1947 thousands of poor farmers commited suicide as old mandi system & middle men used to exploit these poor farmers.
The farmers need their voices to be heard and if they were doing peaceful protest it wouldnt get media coverage to be honest
These farmers are going to starve and she talks about protesting during a pandemic, smh.
Good for the farmers!  Lets hope the US farmers will find a way to win.  They take a back seat on the daily.
On the other side, troubling Khalistani slogans were heard among the pro farmer protests in UK and Canada. Now that is worrying. 
Hello sir, I am from harayana. Agree with your explanation. Farmers are literally crying. ye bill ek sword ki tarah h. Like jab tak cover me h to acha h when it will be applicable for farmers it will impact even a normal human being.
This video is amazing, you made the farm bill  controversy extremely clear.
There is no reason for farmers not to be in control of their own crops
Another thing - most of the small farmers were already being exploited by the bigger farmers since these 'bigger' farmers were buying crops at a price lower than the MSP. The point of this law was to provide a path for the smaller farmers to sell their crop directly to the wholesalers which would guarantee them a better price than if they had sold it to these 'bigger' farmers. It's about giving the smaller farmers more agency over the price that they receive for their crops. This is a two-way argument; you can't talk about one side and ignore the other.
Pls stay safe and keep fighting for your life. Chinese stand with Indian farmers
So, India will never improve. We let the country down. Such a good bill being put down!
15:30 WAS JUST LIS OO CORONA HAI HI NAHI MODI JI MAAN JAO SAHI KEH RAHE HAI JI KISAAN
Your topic is 3 farm bill are good or bad for farmer .but what have you discussed see again video. Go and read about bill then make video
Stop tagging it as 'Indian Farmer's protests' It is just regional funded protests..
So , once again don't interfere in our internal matters. Things here are harder to understand, and you can't put a western template to matters of India.It simply won't work. You can brag about this in social media, you have to realise that not a given Govt or communist or other ideological law makers would do anything that's against the farmers.Because it's agricultural sector , the primary sector of any given nation.So please stop your cheap show on our internal matters.
2. What about the farmers who were in support of these laws? Aren't their interests being hindered here ?
We are with farmers.
During lockdown Punjab n Haryana has supplied foodgrains to whole country...appx. 75% foodgrains these two states cater..overthat hike in diesel and electricity has made the poor farmers more vulnerable. Poor farmers are not tech savvy to sell their produce...if govt helps them then it may become easy...
I hope farmers of Punjab see the light ( highly unlikely though) and instead of cancerous  chemical laden food crops go for less water requirement crops.
You failed to mention the effect of msp and excessive stocks on indian economy
Now media has changed its mode of campaign against farmers. it is telling that implementation of new farm laws are necessary to make indian farm produce competitive in the international market. That means
These are not real farmers...
Why only Punjab farmers, why not farmers in south India and other states are protesting? This looks all politically motivated!
In short these 3 bills are only good on papers.. But practically they will exploide farmers very badly.. And this only farmers can get.. I am standing strong with farmers.. 
You always against BJP
Hope this lecture will help farmers understanding this law
Literally I m in tears after watching this my father is also a farmer I can feel the every bit of this vedio India is no longer a democratic countries big industrialist are running the whole country all these laws are made considerably there profits . Government has purchased media . End of the day the farmer and the labour class is going to suffer they claim farmers as terrorists those Famers who feed there stomach by working the days n nights In 1 of the freezing cold nights this is heartbreaking prey for them wmk
Ohh elections are coming, that's what matters more to Modi and BJP
Election hai modi ji up election
The last bill was introduced because if someone does hoarding in such commomodities, by the first  bill the farmer can directly sell to the consumer in the Price he prefers.. Thus reducing the cost in turn the hoardings will be forced to stop.
Thank you Sir ji for explaining everything this clear..I am student and i'm going to start farming soon so I was searching for govt. Acts or rules for farmers and I found a right channel to get the Information.. THANK YOU!  IT IS SO HELPFUL.
The farmers there has problem with the first law which allows farmers from other states to sell their produce in punjab and haryana for better price..
Now our farmers will become prosperous again,,
Difference between China and India:  China can progress well by implementing good changes,  whereas India can't implement any change due to their political system.  About this farmer's issue, I watched a documentary how political opposition is gathering NON-FARMERS to impersonate as real farmers and create unnecessary trouble.  The solution to all Indian problems is to give Prime Minister Modi same powers as Chinese president has over decision making (for his country). But that will make India a super-power, which could be a good thing for the world as I have learnt from Indian history that India can only spread the message of Peace & non-violence since ancient times, I have never seen original Indians being aggressive or violent, in fact Indians have never been good at fighting and wars (bear in mind that almost 33% of Indian population now is not original Indians).
 Kejriwal have ability he already prove when he clear ips exam and interview and with isp taring 
Kisans may have problems with the govt...but simple thing very straight forwardly closing borders is not good and Delhi govt on one hand is against pollution but on other hand supporting tractor rally may increase pollution and congestion....rally could have been avoided....
1. Now small farmers have option to sell right at their own doorsteps and not worry about logistics, middlemen and commission/taxes / bribes.  All these leads to produce wastage and loss of important time/ cashflow etc.  Alternatively they're free to sell through MANDIS.
If Private players provide farmers with bad pricing then farmers can still sell their product for MSP in mandi.
WE THE PEOPLE OF INDIA ARE  WITH OUR BELOVED FARMERS  OF. NATION 
I want to ask a question  to delhi govt. . Delhi govt. Can prove that footprint of khalistani was not present in kissan movement .. govt. Of india has started process of repeal farmer low but movement will not stopped by kissan politician please think   what for this movement was started 
Ur knowledge regarding to APMC, its function n lacunas of the bill is poor... I think u have not made complete homework... Other part of bill and its effects are horrible
We want another video(documentary) on farmer's protest
                   Congress, Samajwadi, BSP, AAP, TMC etc..        .
India m law bnne se phle hi log uske against ho jate hai...jisse se law pass hi nhi ho pata and India develop ni ho pata....
Only Two state's Brokers are protesting...Why not rest of the Indian state Farmers ate not protesting?
Growing a beard doesn't make someone wise. They have labelled everyone who voiced against them as terrorists. All i can say, this time 'galat logo se panga le liye'.
What answer Modi ji has for 700 dead farmers ? Will they come back alive ?
This report is not on Indias farming problems. All you are saying and footages are challenges faced by farmers of Punjab and around. Only of big farmers. Rest of India wants change in farming system cause they know that if they don't change they will perish anyways
Super markets like more, reliance fresh, Spencer's etc already ruined farmers by exploitation by artificial prices.
3. Why criminal case would not be filed against all those who are responsible for death of 700 and more farmers on the various base clauses including suicide done, Humiliation done, economical loss done to all agitating and died farmers.
Maam I have a little doubt about that art.122 which u explained that some immunities given to Parliament that SC CAN'T interfered on kts proceeding but u also told about three condition I.e Untouchability, illegality and irregularity so finally Is farmers or any citizens can make complain go against over Parliament in SC for it's wrong bill???
Thank you BBC!! I support farmers.
Feku is befooling the farmers, Adani will not allow his servant to roll back laws framed by him.
This shows, how few thousand people can change the fate of crore farmers, who were happy by these laws. Sad
Violence against common man in BJP ruled states , recently a man was killed in a hotel raid in UP , whats wrong with BJP
2. Only one state is doing the protest. The rest of the farmers are happy with the new laws.
Many Congratulations to the farmers of the Country. 
Dhruv I definitely agree to the points which you mentioned here...but there are some sections in the act which are somewhere in the favour of farmers...but I also think the government may be trying more on controlling black money problems.
Election jeet na bhi hai issi liye repeal kiya.
The pain in his voice said it all. These are really disappointed farmers
It's  a big win huge respect to Rakesh tikait
In which world do these Right wing leaning economist live? About 85%  of Indian farmers are small and marginal. How can they even survive without state support in the form of MSP, subsidy, research and extension, marketing infrastructure, irrigation et al.
It's sad that the guy is speaking about a issue about which he has not idea other than the vague feeling of supporting a bunch of farmers against a right wing government.
3:24 - Farmers bill is good in theory
This is only a partial information what you have provided with your expert ,I wish to know how much wheat or rice is being produced annually in India and the farmers who lend their land for these products, what do they charge annually & why they are producing these two products only. If government has come out with one market one nation ,there is a big purpose behind it , which you must learn before showing your intelligence. Even your expert has no knowledge of actual problem which hit's not our earning only but also hampers the progress of country. All governments tried in their periods to bring these law's but we're not in majority to do it. I further add government is not averse to Mandi's & has further earmarked huge funds to modernise these Mandi's & to increase in number where ever it's needed .Now  All other bullshits that corporates will dominate in pricing or will take the land of small farmers, in that regard it's impertinent to mention , contact will be of crop & leasing out land, that's a separate act for that purpose so fear at all of losing land. Now main problem of Government is of buffer crops of both items of wheat & rice produced in India which unmanageable by government & it's agencies that's why I asked to tell me how much of both have been produced in gone year of 2020. To your surprise it was 10,718 lakhs quintials of wheat & 11,417 lakhs quintals of rice , what's the storage capacity required to be for keeping such huge quantity of both. People & opposition parties even told many lies to public about the storage that was got constructed by FCI from Adani Group in late 1990s & 2000to 2010. Even All these storage capacity are negligible in face of what is being produced of both these crops . It's for farmers to produce & sell both commodities but huge difficult for government to carry such stocks for number years where as it's shelf life is few months only & may be extended to a year or so with pesticides & fumigation . Production of wheat is nearly 400% more of what India needs annually & production of rice is more than 200% of need of India & government wishes to change the crop mix only & that will have to be done for the benefits of people of India. We only important adible oil's & further more it can be changed to cash crops which Punjab & Haryana have left in past about 30 year's.If you have any talent now suggest remedy of it rather than misguiding the people without much knowledge of true problem.
Who is here after farmers placed a flag in red fort
Thank u so much sir i was waiting for it to getting details knowledge of it so that i can explain in my village's farmers including my father 
I have a question, if someone can help me understand this "Only 6% of farmer gets MSP as they Sell in regulated markets, so even in current situation not masses are getting benefitted so how does it matter?" I would really want to understand this point
Best of Luck All Farmers Around The World     From 
The farmers deserve more support. Modi is only dancing with the rich class.
They are not Indian Citizen anymore, who prostesting in other countries. they earned from India and spend in Canada and USA. They are actually middle men. They purchase corps from farmars with cheap rate and sale high price to other middle men. And other middle men sale the corps may be to other middle men or  people. Between farmars and consumers their are so many middle men. Thats why we the people buy the corps with high price. 
The Food Corporation of India has 3.5 times the grain stock required for the country which is rotting in its warehouses. Then the FCI Sella the rotted grains at throwaway prices to liquor companies. Is this the way for an agricultural system to function? Punjab govt earns 30% of its revenue from liquor licences. Gives you a sense of its priorities.
The comments are not comprehensive and  biased with certain limited assumptions. Does this presentation is only for big land lords who do not constitute majority but enjoy the benefits of MSP ? Does this presentation advocate for age old subsistence farming followed by majority who belong to marginal/small farmers category to continue for ever ? How long should subsistence farming should continue and when will the farmers in general wake for doing   business in the changed world order and come out of low productivity, low yield, crutches of middlemen cum money lenders and unnecessary social expenditure to say production cost is high ?
1. Mandi : how mandi works? They have middle men who buy from farmers at their own liked price (not at price fixed by gov). Why this happens?
noredro modi & him party supporter, leader & realative behave like adlof hitler.
Only 2 states k 90% farmers ko MSP mil rhi hai 
That means farmers are correct.
And in the protest there are more Khalistani's than Farmers
Correction the APMC in different states is regulated by the respective SARKAR of that PARTICULAR states. One of the major concerns of the farmers was the fear of losing land to the BIG GIANTS which was not discussed in the video, which in turn is just fear with no grounds since THE CONTRACT FARMING AS TOLD IN THE BILLS AND IN THIS VIDEO will ONLY be done ON THE PRODUCE and IT MUST NOT INCLUDE BINDING OF ANY KIND on THE LAND of the farmer. I completely agree that these reforms seem to be a bit Theoretical-Revolution, but the need of the hour is to plug the loopholes which are giving the farmers GENUINE concerns not FORCE the COMPLETE WITHDRAWAL OF THESE BILLS. I would not like to talk about HOW THE BILLS were passed tho.
A question to vice team please ask that respectable saradarji why is america , Canada and U.K standing in solidarity with farmers. I am pretty sure he won't be able to answer most of these people in foreign countries want a sikh state that is khalistan and we all know funding of protest coming from hawala sectors through pakistan and Canada 
If farmers are not happy, change laws as per their will
Fun fact many thugs were involved in the protest so the actual farmers were pushed back after 26th Jan incident.
one of the biggest issue i see here is, that, the farmers are not able to avoid exploitation, because, they do not completely understand the complexity of this system. What if, someone reliable, authorised by the government who understands the whole system acts as a 24/7(or less), hour support, advisor and monitor on the farmers side of the business? Someone who will prevent the exploitations when under such pressure?
Ma'am farmers know about MSP they don't get in regime of the GOVT and why do you think they will get MSP when there is a parrallel ecosystem that too lead  by PRIVATE sector (there is no law regulating MSP in new bill ) we want govt to give us a fourth ordinance citing we will get MSP for sure that way only your 6% figure will increase to 40/50 but all there is mentioned is GOVT is not striking off the MSP it will be still there don't you think it's hollow 
We are Farmers, We Know it 
Do you know unhe unki fasal ka kitna price milta ha aur haryana me kitna milta ha  before search after that make any video
Reason i am indian and an international student, when i started watching you as a comedian,  i didn't knew you can do news in such as fun manner but now watching various news on some important topics out there with your own unique sense makes me wanna try this thing.  But can't do  for now but again thank you for describing and sharing this topic of farming in India.
The problem with us Indians is that our mind is so deeply rooted in socialism that we resist any changes and consider "money is the root of all evil". Having said that, these reforms in agricultural sector are similar to the LPG reforms brought in 1991. And remember that even at that time in 1991, we protested against these reforms but eventually it was a good and a necessary move. PS - not a BJP supporter 
Farmers r going to take roop
Respected MODI ji is the greatest Lord.....!!!!!!!
I support Kishan
Modi and Monsanto are spawned from the same devil . Down with both wish our farmers fought Monsanto the way these brave Sikhs have maybe a strawberry would taste like a strawberry instead of just look like one #iremember buy organic.
Jai Kisan. No bulldozer No police no concrete barricades no digging up huge craters bo teargas shells can stop the brave soldiers I. e. Punjab Kisan from entering the Capital. Salute U farmers for ur bravery to challenge the govt in the cold winter. My humble prayers for U especially the old farmers who have come out all the way from Punjab facing  the tear gas shells and the water canons. You are an inspiration to the whole country as to how  a peaceful March can be conducted. All the best to you Brave Hearts the Punjab Farmers.
But why only farmers of only one state are protesting not whole India .
Summary of some of the  destructive points in farmer bills watch between 1:25:50 to 1:29:35:
As far as I think about these reforms in all 3 Bills are not sufficient and suitable for farmers because as a Farmer I feel that crop selling is not possible without a Middle agent(Artiya). Big Traders ( Big Basket, Groferse, Jio Fresh etc) Purchase only Best Quality Crop Products, Grains, Fruits but Remaining Products, Crops and Fruits they never purchase and ultimately farmers have to go in these all APMCs to sell their remaining.
I am farmer son I proud to be a farmer son I have 5 acres land.but government rate on wheat= 1920inr per 1 quintal. Govt declared this rate ok .
Jab government 23 mein se khud hame sirf 2 (wheat and rice) ka MSP deni hai.then how are they saying ki big corporates will give us that price. Khud to de nahi pa rahe ho
But more 90 % of farmers have nothing to do with these laws. Its media that has hyped them and agitation against them. We in the West & South are taking advantage of many newly introduced facilities for farmers. Booking rail wagons to send farm produce to far away places , using digitally connected markets to get better rates than local mandis or selling directly to online retailers like JioMart , Bigbasket etc. More and more farmers are taking to organic and zero budget farming. These laws do not matter to us either way.
In the USA we need a government that cares about farmers!
The new farm bill has the potential to be the solution of many existing farmer's problems in India. These protests are some dirty politics played by the opposition since there is a election in Punjab next year. Dear Vice, we all know that you are a left leaned news handle who also has a Pakistani founder, so we understand that you have your own propaganda to play. That's why you cared to only make contact with Derek O'Brien, someone from the opposition and not cared to show the story of the other side. Have some shame now. Have a good day.
Well, Kudos  to these farmers
Farmers now: We finally won Mr. Stark
Justice for our farmers. 
Thanks SIT for your update. The terrorist who killed innocent farmers at Lakhimpur using vehicles as weapon must be harshly punished. Supreme court must make sure the case is not diluted. Jay Hind, Bharat Mata ki jay... Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan
I love my India because of army and kisans and labours because vo log bhut mhenti hote hai..
2-3 prani BJP support me mile wese sahi hai kal agar private player ache daamo me cheese bechane lage to majdoor hi pehle marege
Upcoming PM Kejriwal ji full support hai apko Sir
Im.am indian American muslim this nation doesn't treat its people right. For our rights we indians muslim  will team up with pakistan, just to get our freedom
U said macdonald will come to a former . Nice bewkufi explanation. Arey bhai wahi middle man aayega negotiation aur contract krne me . Don't you think corporate will loot farmers. I think APMC me modification chahiye tha.
BBC should report on controversial UK farm laws which make farmers struggle on a daily basis.
Now article 370 will be repealed as well well done farmers  now country will be fall because of u all
Man in Gray&White Sweater  is Definitely Well EDUCATED Farmer   & Know LAW  Very Well. 
agar pahaad padhe hai toh alternative do na tum ,apmc ka structure kyo tod rahe ho ,msp do sabhi crops pr , everything will change ,but you dont want to do that ,you want to destroy punjab and haryana .
That is why msp needs to be the law so that the traders would buy from them at that price only
Priyanka gandhi truly says election just 2 month near.....now we young facing job problems government job and private job ....both in india
Why is it not happening all over India but just at one place in India ?And why don't we see farmers from other states in india  joining the protests ?
I agree that private participation in agriculture is need of the hour as it will bring infrastructure and technology . But farmers fears are also true bcoz in India 85% farmers own 2 or less than hectares, they don't have power to bargain. A proper mechanism to safeguard the interests of farmers must be set up by bringing a specific legislation. Elders farmers can be illiterate,  but young and educated farmers have been spearheading this protests . So u can't dismiss their concerns by saying they are illiterate and unaware. No they are educated and know how to defend their rights.
Sir...you didn't consider Bihar farmers are selling their lands and going to punjab haryana and doing  labor farming.
The media when 250 mil protest against modi:
You are lucky your video not got virel in India, just wait for 1 week likes and dislikes will tell you that no budy support this protest in India bcoz its not farmers protest
The farmer bill was pending for many years and farmers themselves advocated it.
Thank you for supporting  farmers 
Modi failed against Zamindar Communist information warfare
A big move by BJP. Whether farmers gain or lose, the entire opposition is in a fix as to what to politicise for future. Moreover 75% farmers didn't participate in agitation and seemingly not against the laws. They may blame opposition too.
Being an Indian who has unconditional support for these farmers, i can say that this is the best explaination on this issue, period! once again VICE showing how journalism is done...hope lapdogs of indian media come to their senses and stop sucking up to an incompetend radical right wing govt.
Bruh, Kangana is now crying and begging Modi now to bring the farmers law back 
Can be there some kind of fast track court or Farmer's tribunal instead of giving powers in hands of SDM & DM, because they get polarised that's the fact.
You completely missed about Farmers Produce Organisations and how it can save small and marginal farmers.
I agree with all the points, but the farmers are not fighting for MSP, they are fighting for repeal of laws. The laws were good, but requires certain amendments; we all know regulated corporatization is good. And in market like India, one will find another loophole unless and until it comes to social responsibility. And around 95% of farm unions are which are doing protest coz of political vendetta.
This is why India is doomed to fail as a country, it is too culturally diverse. Notice all the farmers protesting are Sihks?
Why would a private company prefer to purchase in mandi where there is high price with tax then outside mandi, where they have choice to bargain with no regulations?? 
Those protesting against farm bills literally knows nothing but doing it on their Master's order not even sitting in India.
Give some ensurance to farmers before any so called reforms..... Corporate sector is not the solution of indian farming.... Govt cannot escape from its responsibilities.
Farmers feed the nation, big companies tata, birla, reliance, ebany  will make the each farmer compete against each other to buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics, but the big companies have the logistics and will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. Thus will food shortage in India, and due to big companies able to export and the food prices will get more expensive in india.
Amit can you please make it in Hindi so more farmers can understand...
If mandi is not good my questions is that why new bills expolite  farmers ki vo unko unki negotiation ka according barging nhi kr reha and agr collective bargaining ka time aye to etna grievance ki company ego dhekati ha and even communities will take decision's in favour of company's .....
This is true. Farmers are the foundation of the country. Same with the military. I agree with what you said.
BBC reported that about half the population are farmers in india. And before that they reported that 250 million are protesting.
3. In case the corporates refuse to buy the produce on the basis of quality, etc. farmers can always go to Mandis as they do now.
The British were the ones to bring in laws that gave farmers equal ground as most farmers were poor. India is taking the right away. British realized business men of upper caste that bought grains/rice etc from farmers were exploiting them ie the weights used to measure the grain etc were adjusted o give advantage to the business buying grain products, grain cost to bring the product to the business was at the cost of the farmer. if the grain was avg quality it would be bought at a lower price but sold at the regular price. any other expences like putting the grain in packages was at the cost of the farmer. the business man was educated where the farmer was not. India is ruled by upper caste brahmins they follow the laws of Manu. Laws of Manu are slavery laws in which caste laws and laws for women are written along with punishments.
We're very Sorry Modiji being from Farming Community I hate being a Farmer in INDIA besides Dirty Politics 
Can anyone help me with the names of farmers wealthy?
Why you put photo of a South Indian hindi person instead of North india farmer
Modi Govt should give Income Tax exemption , also , to Physically Handicapped and Punjab Govt should give free electricity to Handicapped Punjabis too . We do not support the demand by Physically Handicapped for a separate Wikilangista
Farm laws are not created by bjp it is emplemented by them it is created by great scholars of India and a committee of great educationists. This farm laws is increasing income opportunities to our farmers and not restricting farmers in anyway. There is no way where corporate will snatch 
East or west Modi Ji is the best 
If the Indian government implements the "MSP" minimum support price on the 13crops then farmers would be very happy.
The Indian government has still not solved this issue, regarding fsrm bill and must work on it it ASAP before more problems arise for farmers and the general public. 
The number of allfarmersinIndia, very small, small and large is 100 million. So about 0.2 per cent of allfarmersinIndiahave reason to protest.
He is not farmer, but anti social element who is misguiding innocents.
Victory to farmers for reinstating hope and faith in Democracy!
Farmers are smarter than Modi...i am mind blown by their understanding of the system
Glad u were not biased on your take.. we just need unbiased news in these times. If there is proper regulation of this with farmers not being taken advantage of then I tnk the farmers will be hugely benefitted by this bill.
The real problem is even bigger than just taking back these new farm laws; the main thing already existing (as said here): large amount of trades between farmers and traders across the country don't ensure Minimum Support Price, thus putting the farmers in never ending debt, leading to thousands of suicides every year! Govt needs to ensure this too !!!!!!!
Govt ll not listen..this bjp govt s used to be violant against ppl...they think they can do this everytime.
No discussion about the pro and cons about the bill govt introduce with facts and figure. Just bunch of people causing traffic jam here and there Video title should "India farm bill caused trafic jam in world."
Priya..What about new farm bill..you are actually trying to defend all the objections of the bill by skipping all the real problems. Please  dont be biased. Hope u will explain the bill in the next video.
Actual poor farmers who have very little to show in the name of pliable land are at homes working in the fields and hoping to sell at the same price these protesting rich farmers sell at.
It's ok. Now let's just not care when farmers commit suicides. They asked for it
600 million farmers? That's half the population right there, when only around 30% of India's employed are in the Agriculture industry?
Hello Dhruv ...Please make video on yesterday's barbarous act of killing a man , chopping his head and limbs by So called farmers (Khalistani) . And please atleast this time donot favour terrorists . Aap anti-bjp hain , Thats okay. No problem . But kabhi to neutral hoke boleye.
Farmers... who has protest from beginning to end, Salute to them you all are warriors..you are a example of democracy.....Jai hind Jai jawan Jai kisan 
Kya pata 2 crore ka naukri jaisa hi vartaman sthithi ko dekhkar boldiya   ja raha ...but we need a proper documentation of this decision that taken by anti Farmers Govt.
It's no were written in the bill that APMC will be scrapped, the bill will give parallel market to the farmers. IF APMC is not scrapped then how can people say that farmers will not get MSP.
This protest still hits you different if you belong to north indian farming family. If ykyk
Farmers bills are uselessssssssssss
There should have been discussions on farm laws. Farmers are not so educated to look towards research nd use of technology in their field. Govt should encourage farming families to opt for agriculture in college or school nd should invest more in research.
There can be flaws in the current bill that the government has passed but I see this as a very necessary and effective step Indian government has taken and in the long run will help farmers to earn way more money then they are earning right now...
well done God bless all the farmers 
These people do contrqct farming in foreign countries but ensure that Indian farmers are stuck in government middle men and Arthiyas
This is not the victory of Punjabi farmers, its a victory of old ways of farming and old ways market. I usually don't agree with India's policy but this was something which would have thrived the Indian economy, Our Villages and the ways of our farmer sell their agricultural produce but this has showed something that farmers don't trust the regulatory bodies and private entities.
Only punjab hariyana and western UP farmers are getting MSP benefits
Thank you Mr.Ganesh. I finally understand what the bills meant and why the farmers are protesting. I don't watch or read the news because everything is portrayed as black & white, every media houses have taken sides, & we are fed by everyone of them on what to think. So I stayed away from them & even-though as a citizen it was my responsibility as an individual to have at-least basic knowledge on the on-going issue which reached the world stage, regardless I had zero knowledge in it. I found your channel just a few weeks back, Marlboro was the 1st, and then Ikea, Volvo, Netflix. Today I went through your videos on how to be consistent, & the importance of reading. I'm glad I found your channel. Keep up the great work and thanks a lot for the time that you are investing to make this content. I learned a lot from this video and even the self-help and market-history/strategy related videos. Thanks.
To those who think that they are doing wrong. I just want to let them know making bill on farmers, trading and infrastructure is concern of state not central government. Why central government bring this bill under industry and commerce. When there is specific agriculture regulatory. Isn't is fishy. 
Once rate fixed, the contractor might take 300% profit, as those commodities are long shelves store capacity,  why they exculde potatos, etc... Which is short term in storage. Any how all this we the people have to bear the cost effect by trade contractors. Might be contractors are reliance,  jio markets. etc....
This shows that the laws are for corporates and has nothing for the farmers.From consumer point of view this is loot strategy.
Remember guys it's not just about India. So many other countries will get affected. Know about the matter, and support, whichever side you feel compelled to. That's the least you can do.
Farmers of India = 1
Police is dalal, what are you saying. You are only smart and farmers are foul.
I think this bill is very advantage for farmers
Government need not to think about farmers. 
One chapter of History is now completed for future students.... Btw congratulations to those farmers who fought for their respective issues against the GOI.
BJP goverment is scared  They know they are going to loose in this election.
The problem is even opposition like Congress has promised this bill in their manifesto. So the opposition can't completely enter the protest.
Also the third bill says about HOARDING.. isse ab traders prices km rhne pr bht hoarding krenge or market forces ko control krenge.. to iska asar kispe dikhega.. Hmare farmers pr. 
3. If a farmer agrees to make a contract with some organization for a certain price and say, after that the MSP was announced or say after the harvest, the MSP was higher than that of the contract price. Will the farmer get the MSP?
Very informative video , thanking you on behalf of every farmer from India,  love your effort.. 
sir apka sab bat ekdam thik hote hai lekin ham vote de to kisko de congress and bjp both are brothers from same mother, both have equal corrupted leaders
unless u r a first hand farmer u wont understand the problems with these bills.
Jai farmers Jai congess Jai Ghandhi 
Modi done dynamic actions. He didn't get any protest previously due to indian patient people. Now it came but mody not realising. He is always a monopoly. Never look for his country peoples sufferings. I am post graduate and farming land. Modi ego is not to back.
No reporting about the massive protest for a independent homeland for sindhis in pakistan bbc is obssesed with India
1st agr privet mandi opens hogi to APMC me koi nhi jayega kuch saal baad APMC closed and looto kisano ko theory apply hogi reliance and adani jaise log market me aane se chote mote vyapari mar jayege 
I am not supporting any one decision or bill but for (APMC ORDINANCE) dispute approach to SDM and additional collector provision was there . It's different things how SDM and collector do their work. I am just saying such provision was there.
Even Vox understands the implications of farm laws but Godi media didn't.
For big jump you need to move back ... Don't trust on modi BJP government. Sure there will some trap.
APMC is not mandate in many states except Punjab and Haryana, thats y that  two states only protested where as rest of India not involved as there is no negative impact of these farm bill.There will be some loopholes for every regulation till the amendments is no flawless in any manner.
Modi govt is trying for free market economy, eventually farmers will learn. Mandis always pays less prices to farmers
Ur saying mandi's r useful to farmers by looting their earned income..woww
Agr msp legal kanoon hogeya to punjab Haryana ameer rajh ho jaye gey corruption v increase hogi FCI k karn... Bt is bill sey ek ORGanic farming mey Kranti aey gi. Nicee video.
looks more like religious movement then farmers movement, more khalistan flags then india flag and then religious prayers instead of national anthem.
Delhi's people with farmers ....
(a) Farmers (b) Bharat (c)Opposition party (d)Dividend if any to be garnered in the coming UP and Punjab election (e) His Modiness gilding his image away from a mere politician to a statesman?
And then yogi ji comes...
Thanks Harp Farmer ||   ||
Revolutionary technology in agriculture, high education for farmers and new generation, and research in seed technology
BJP needs to understand India is not the US or Europe.
Every people is gonna to effect from these bill I am also a farmer and I also own 15 acers of farm land And I also go to farmers_protest after 1 week #support_farmers
Right, because Canadian or American farmers dont suffer too.......Please!
No doubt the farmers protest is/was n will remain inspirational for decades to come but unfortunately it could not ignite  the common people souls whom they faught for n for their survival(common people) ..may be common people are becoming onlookers n thick skinned day by day...it's unfortunate this protest could not ignite other burning issues what people are living day by day,again not fault of farmers...they know how to give life to a seed which in turn keeps our lives running...
How will it save the farmers from the monopoly of big corporates (monopoly of money )???? 
Please explain the 3 new farmer bills in your next video 
Main reason for protest is fear of scrapping of MSP. There has been repeated assurance by govt that it won't be done. But no issue can escape politicization in India.
Modi ji were also calling kishan khalistani,  terrorist. Anti national,  even killed the farmer,  you can not believe this govt
Ask sorry to those soul (farmers)
farmers are better than congress  in terms of opposition to government
Why there is no latest updates on farmer's protest by your channel??
No more protest, Indians are not going to support farmers anymore cauz of this act
Hey Vox, thanks for bringing the biggest farmer protest to the world. Commendable job! But it's surprising that you didn't even mention the third law which is even more dangerous for the farmers; the contract farming law, which will eventually force landowners to work as farm labourer on their own land. In case of any dispute, no farmers big or small can stand up to big corporates more so when their fundamental right to seek justice in a court of law has been stripped away by this bill. Please research and report this... thanks 
In full support of the Agri bill, govt organizations do not have expertise to drive a massive industry. We have 6 middlemen between farmer and the consumer at the moment according to the stats, if a bigger more streamlined player can cut the gap between farmer's price and consumers cost while also providing storage capacity will improve farmer's profit and stabilize the prices too. People hating on this bill need to look at the stats, we have massive potential to export, we need the private players to do it. This is not a zero-sum game.
Just think under AMPC ecosystem, in our farming sector except for the farmer everyone else sets the price of what the farmer produces. Kerala never has APMC.
I intuitively knew that this bill is in favour of farmers so didn't watch any videos on this subject but today I came to know that Rakesh Tikait is planning to go to Lucknow and bring instability on our Independence day so I decided to know everything in detail about it and a teacher like you is best to understand such a complex subject from. Now I'm hating Congress even more
Great work brother great respect from farmers.
The farm laws seemed progressive. But the government utterly failed in convincing the masses of what these reforms would amount to. And now under threat of failing the elections BJP gives in to political pressure due to coming election in major states. 
we still buy our perishable foods from farmer's markets. Ever since the farmers protest started, the topic of prices farmers get came into light and I realised how easy we have it. We haggle for prices of tomatoes and garlic, 15 rs isnt enough, sell it to us for 10, we ask them. But the same kisan who also grows wheat, sells it for 40 and we then buy it for 80 from a company who only packages it and we dont even try to haggle.
#istandwiththepanjabfarmers hope it all works out and gets sorted ASAP!! 
Indian farmer's they are very happy with the new law and they are comfortable. 
A very great work.. keep rocking..Please make more videos of farmers protest
Ultimately bjp govt is in benefit, it was good for farmers ....
I SUPPORT farmers of India
Sahi he bhad me gaye kisan , marte he to mar ne do , unko khudki hi parwah nahi he to government bhi kyu kre ! TAKE BACK ALL GOVERNMENT SUBSIDES GIVEN TO FARMERS ! They don't deserve support from government !
I am a farmer ,very well explained sir
Although I feel the explanation was crafted to suit the narrative of the protesting farmers, it's good to see vox cover this topic
Punjab is EXPORTING anarchy to UP, Delhi and Haryana for ..... pittance?
Why didn't you showed the real violent images & videos of the farmers? I am sure you guys have done your homework and decided to skip that part in sake of gaining sympathy for the farmers, but in fact it was all pre-planned by the anti-government activists. Also, where is the khalistani terrorist part??? Please do you complete homework....2/10 for this! Need improvement!
VICE failed to show other farmers in this protests, it is not just the Sikhs who are there, there are lots of other Indian farmers too.
Farmers and private companies are safe
Your discussion was not only illuminating but also inspiring. The three farm laws as on today stand scrapped. You have endorsed my hunch that the the agitation is basically engineers by rich farmers and middlemen especially from Punjab and Haryana. You missed one point that Kerala essentially a socialist state never legislated APMC Act. Hence, the farmers didn't have to offer their produce at designated marketplaces to licensed middlemen. One reason could have been: Kerala was not into subsistence farming of paddy.The other reason was must have been political which is that the entire focus of supporting the farmers was the farmers of Punjab and Haryana, may be because the people who represented the farming interests at the Centre were basically from these two states. So, the economic and political focus of green revolution was centred on these two states. I would say a partisan approach to a national issue. If farmers from other states were similarly engaged, there was no reason  why they couldn't have risen to the occasion. Again,  there is no reason why 88% and 70% of national procurement of paddy and wheat should happen from Punjab and Haryana. Time, the Centre distributed its procurement more equitably among all Indian states. This will immensely benefit Punjab and Haryana as their farmers will shift focus to other crops, thereby reducing the ecological burden on these states of growing rice and wheat. 
what about the other 4 who were killed by the farmers.
I think that the bill had two flaws- (1) The removal of MSP outside APMC market , which is bad. (2) the non-interference of the government in sale of agricultural commodities outside APMC , i.e., in private markets. There could have been strict laws according to how private companies can enrich the farmers rather than impoverish them for their own profit making purposes. For companies charging less than MSP, there can be strict tax laws or penalties for them. 
Power to farmers of India . Love from Nepal .
People of India were fedup from one party from last 60 years i.e Congress so people gave opportunity to BJP first five years go well but they won again and now they want to change everything even demography of india by bringing laws like CAA NRC and selling govt departments to corporates like this Farm law and J&K PDD been converted to corporation.From more than a year Jammu kashmir even doesnt have high speed internet.
Rioters and brokers won. Nation and poor farmers failed.
8. Farmers will get advance frok companies /sponser for cultivating. So burden of capital will be very less on farmers. 
Before Modi farmers weren't able to buy cycle after Modi farmers are having land cruisers and land rovers. Interesting .
Bahut bura hua, citizens will At lost. Very big loss to agriculture sector and small farmers.
It is not a victory of Farmers but victory of enemy, conducted 4th Generation warfare.
This is really sad.  A bill that would have benifited all small farmers are now is being taken back due to big farmers . Shame  on opposition and those who wanted this bill to be taken back .
6. The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer . 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
Love your way to support the farmers,  love you.
First understand farmer  bill proposed by the government.
Stand with Farmers .
Bihar main msp hai par unka chawal 1400 ka bikta hai MSP 1800hai to ab btao ye new law kise good hai this is very bad law for farmer government lai on MSP so you don't have ground knowlege So don't explain 3 law sitting in home and sity
Acha hota UP and Punjab election pahle ho jaate . 
Proud of my farmers..
There is dictatorship in india. There is no democracy.Everyone is against these bills still these bills are passed in lok and rajya sabha . PM is dictator. I m from punjab we all are protesting against these bills . I think Modi is not able to run the country.
But i hv a query why farmers who are protesting are not ready to set a panel and talk to govt. Directly?
I support to indian farmar.
Sad...not expected from Modi and BJP
MSP is ok but u Should also have to look from the industry side. Government have to support people, farmer as well industry. if any of this pillar is collapsed then there is a big loss will going to happen in india. I know 1 trick that can help farmer ,people of India as well as industry. But have a nice day.
Violence by farmers is exactly what Modi govt wanted. Now they will lose support.
3.if farmers want to complain , they can only complain to SDM(a officer of farmers and stuff), they can not go to supreme court(wtf)
No Teni speech incited his son Ashish Mishra to run over farmers and do an act of homicide amount to murder.
I come from farmers family, not into grains and pulses though.
Good message Sir i support kisan bhai we want in written that every kisan bhai will get MSP from Central government with guaranty jai kisan jai javab
Long live farmers brotherhood.
The 'farmers' even made a video of killing a guy in the car, asking him to lie about the politician to be the driver. He refused and got murdered
Thousands of farmers are suiciding every year in India, but the irony is corrupt opposition will veto to reform it. and that doesn't make them farmer-friendly. We support the farm bill. We want to abolish the middleman. We want farmers to earn most of the profits.
I support farmers they are true  heroes  
It was a really good move for marginal farmers granting them security and ability to earn more than MSP now again there will be suicides
No farmer no food 
But it reduces tax on  farmers
 When modi was learning to ride bicycle, india had already started manufacturing aeroplanes and helicopters.
Farmer should not allowed to starve like that. The government must reduce budget on arm to support them.
They should go back to India and help their brothers farm
They complaint about current condition of Farmers and don't want reform..what is this hypocrisy 
6Percent farmer is a very huge number actually...
Farmer bill is the best bill and anti nationals are protesting against it by fooling farmers...hindustanis are with Modiji...
UP election is in Feb 2022 afterall and the farmers managed to wash away BJP from WB...This move was expected.
#Wesupportourfarmers
In a democracy, people are supreme. This decision is welcome.  But Mr Prime Minister should've apologised for the hundreds of deaths of our old and ailing farmers on the streets in this ongoing protest. Dragged for far too long.
win for farmers
Rakesh Has expose himself badly again. If he again goes for election, people will give him less than 1000 votes. Sad to see government has repealed the reformist laws aim for poor farmers. God bless India .
Actually all farmers are not protesting !! Many also support the same !! And Gov has also told that they will be changing the laws accordingly but the 'farmers' are actually not ready for it !
U have contradicted to law by saying farmer doesn't have any right.
With this move modi just proved he is not a clown but the whole circus. I think i will vote for congress next.
2.Farmers are uneducated to understand the clauses inagreement 
2. 3rd bill affect mostly who are listening this... Agreed. But you didn't tell that what's the impact on farmers. I see you haven't been one and seen it.
Free Punjab and haryana  EU  supports 
. Now not a single. Kissan union or a single. Farmer prostest  aginst govt. that we need this bill but govt   Forcefully  amendement this new bill in full punjab.  Is on heat.  And in punjab very much tension beacuse of. These bills 
*Doubling the farmers income
Thanks to all those supported farmers protest
Im against this law as it exploits the farmers . The contract farming  is something farmers feared as it give open permission to udyogpatis to exploit farmers and removing MSP will bring our farmers below poverty line which could be disastrous and can lead to famines and depletion of economic liberalism and turning indian economy into capitalist economy whic can be pretty fatal for our country  . Jai kisan , kisan ekta zindabad
I hope they get the government to do a 180 because it's sound like they will treat farming like corporate monsters do in this country.  One thing that also concerned me is the NO ONE had masks on to defend against coronavirus. That's not good
" mudon ko na bhatkaeya jaye " - ok but bro Muddey pe toh koi baat nahi kr raha ?? Any discussion of pros and cons of farm bills in this "documentary" or otherwise in media ??
Govt should strengthen APMC's. A government structure for agricultural marketing is only way to increase Farmer's  income. Privatization is not solution of Farmer's Problems..
More power to these farmers. I hope their voices are heard (actually listened to and acted upon) and that they stay safe and well.
And to all the farmers, don't back down. If all of us together do not protest now, every future farmer will have to suffer. I wish you all the best.
3rd bill nthinu? - njaan vaichathinte adisthanathil.. thangu vila nilavil undairunnu but athinte labham koyyunnathu mandi group aairunnu... Mandi group parayunna price il venam farmers avarude products sell cheyyuvaan... Ivide 3rd bill nte aavashyam-  for eg of cucumber, ee vettathe climate valare   suitable aayathu kondu cucumber pathivilum nannai farmers nu labhichu.. but ithu APMC yil athikumbol nte maathramalla aa vettam undaairunna alla cucumber farmersnum nalla production undaairunnu... Aayathinaal ivide mandi group parayunnu ningalku (eg :15 rs ) thaangu vila ithrayum onnum tharaana saadhikilla ee vettam oru 3rs per kg tharaam.. kaaranam ithrem adikam products vittu theerkaan sadikilla... So aa pricil kootaan saadikilla..  farmers nu vere option illathathu kaaranam avar aa price il sell cheyyunnu.. palappozhum fertilizers vaangiya price polum kitti ennu varilla. Proper storage undaairunenkil farmers ne budhi muttikaathe thanne suitable products transaction ivide sadhikumairunnu.
Half of the people don't know abt the bill and what is the issue and and its benefits or loss. The bill have nothing to do with MSP or anything but the few farmers want law for MSP which is not possible to be made in a day need a lots of discussion of the gaurantee MSP the effects of the law so government needs to discuss abt this with the expert within farmers and intellectual u can't pressure government to do that in click the farmers agitated for this new bill people suddenly saw lots of people involved jump in it with MSP law should be implemented fact is this. Hope our farms get a better life and we shd get a good law for them so that they prosper and we as a country 
Some of the people who say they are farmers ....can be seen drinking in my area...and creating ruckus by playing loud music in tractors till 12  late night 
You believe that making MSP legal will solve the problem. The problem with MSP is that it has to be decided by someone (or a team of some people) who have their own limitations. The free market has a lot of features which automatically decide the prices as just and fair, whereas individuals or teams of individuals will never have the same power. Hence, even if MSP is made mandatory, making the price fair for both, the farmers as well as the buyers is going to be a very costly and error-prone endeavour for the government; which will also be never-ending.
Excellent!!!   You should consider dubbing audio in Hindi and Punjabi.    That will help the non English speaking citizenry.
1 demanding Assurance of minimum support price as law.
m a farmer i don't mind change but there is no effort to provide awareness why change is necessary how it'll effect in good or bad , how we prepare ourselves to take most advantage from these changes.
The world is far too reliant on monofarming and large agricultural companies, and I think moving towards more sustainable methods is the right thing to do. However, just going back to the way things were because everything was great in the past and big companies and capitalism sucks, ignores the reason why farmers switched in the first place. The farmers union representative said at the end of the video, that the old ways were better, there was no debt and everyone was doing great. Then he glossed over the fact that the famers switched to more grain was because people were STARVING. At the beginning of the video, the professor says the only benefit of monfarming is quantity. Quantity is important when there are hundreds of millions of people starving in the world, and with an ever-growing population. That was true during the Green Revolution, which is why it happened, and is still true today. These farming techniques have become more sustainable and harmful over time because of corruption and shortsighted corporate greed, and reforms are definitely needed. But there are good reasons why the system was introduced, and on average the human has become better fed, fitter, larger and stronger as a result. There are pros and cons to every solution, and they should all be considered instead of claiming the old ways to be the fix-all.
now I come to know why farmers are protesting earlier I have seen only the Bright side of that bill .
I am not a modi supporter but these laws were kind of game changers. This is really sad. The farmers of this country will always remain poor.
I support farmers, 
We demands implement of farm law.
Still not sure how old laws are helping the farmers. Reforms have to be there with transparent negotiations. Rather emotional. Easy to find faults hard to please all. The weak have to be protected.
Only then the corporates shall indulge in exploitation of farmers and the consumers.
Farmers : Let us show the world how powerful we can be
Lucidly explicated ....By far, this is the best video I have watched on Farm Bill 2020....Thank you 
Sugarcane farmers are left without payments for 8 years on their bills and paddy farmers 2 years. How would they return back to their fields to grow crops for next seasons when returns have come for years on their investments. Further this nation have not built enough infra for storage and procurements. 10s of thousands of sacks of paddy wheat gets spoiled without adequate facilities to store. They feed the nation bearing loss for own and more pressure is put on them.
A very informative session.  Thank you!  I was trying to understand why is it difficult to implement  the infrastructure and system that can audit and impose the MSP at first sale of commodity from farmer to whoever (be it APMCs or Corporates). Why Government has failed here, what are the root causes for this failure? Can you please explain this for my understanding?
Modi has turned a deaf ear. How many more lives will he take before taking these farm laws back!! Is the ego of this government is too big that it cant hear the cries of common man dying on roads! What a shame modi government is!! People wont forget and forgive.
Free Punjab and haryana  NZ supports
This bill would affect farmers' lives the most yet they weren't allowed to have a say in it....
"Indian farmers staged the biggest protest in world history in order to force the government to take back reforms that would have ended an important subsidy." - This pretense itself is wrong. The MSP wasn't gonna go away. The new rules allowed more freedom. Protests happened mainly in 2 states, whose paddy has failed to clear the European food safety standards and it got support from overseas Sikh organizations. 
It is totally against morality and unethical step which is taken by the farmers and right to protest Is a democratic rights but it's totally coward situation 
Thank You for this video. It has cleared all the doubts related to the farm bills.
Well, you dont know actually, the only reason why the government is bringing these laws is to force people out of agriculture because we have much less agricultural land and much more people employed to it. In economics this is called disguised employment and when the private player comes, the quality improves as they can cultivate in much larger farm and at the same time the people who were employed in farming can look for some other jobs while they enjoy monetary benefits from the private players who are growing crops in behalf of them. Further you presented a very biased comment on the farm laws, you didnt tell people that the farmers are also demanding to burn straw which creates massive pollution. So be more neutral next time
Earlier a farmer couldn't sell their produce outside of their home state and relied on highly corrupt middlemen from State controlled AMPC Mandis which never gave them anything above Minimum Selling Price(MSP) . 
What is nothing short of a miracle, is there is no news of any serious COVID outbreak at Singhu when Delhi is a major COVID hotspot. And nobody at the farmer's protest is wearing mask.
The reason Modi can't back off is because he has a gun to his head from Ambaanis & Addani's who have ALREADY BUILT INFRASTRUCTURE TO START HOARDING AGRICULTURAL PRODUCE. Please look it up and be thankful to farmers for their strength to oppose it!!These BILLS are worth protesting and fighting against, WITH OUR LIVES. We are fighting to protect the income and future, does that show you the significance of this protest. The farmers  protesting are not fools. No matter what you say or other economists say, there is a huge difference in what is perceived 'should happen' and what 'actually happens'.
Is there no law for Rakesh Tiket?
One things is without bill Farmers are allowed to sell outside mandi or not. 
The central government should listen to the farmer's
The farmers protest in India was ordinary farmers, albeit misguided, protesting about farm laws. This Canadian protest is clearly Khalistani. This is very different!
India's farmers have won not only at the cost of 700 people died but also by pulling back their growth and revolutionary bill. 
Thank you brother for this wonderful explanation plus this bills also give the exploitation powers by law and order as even 3rd.bill implemented many farmers can't even cover expenses then how will give money to lawyers in a suit plus the legal system in our country. And simple thing   
 atrocities on Physically Handicapped in India be it by the Punjab Govt 
Of the total 600 million farmers 5-10 millions is the count of Middle man and farmers who are protesting against this new farm laws.... Mostly people who had Anti-Govt mindset from long time...
APMC system has been criticised by both the sides for so many years, but when govt tried introducing competition, the same people have turned against them.
Good news Farm Laws are repealed by Govt 
Well done bharat kisan unions for beating the evil money men who would have took the soul out of India.
Alhamdriallah finally got to know the complete picture of ongoing farmers protest...
Im here after dhruv rathee video bcause he only likes to oppose bjp and support congress
This video shows only the positive side of Farm bill & labour bill....If any one want a detail analysis ...They Can check it on *Study IQ*  just search on YouTube .
You missed a larger point which made the Govt. sit & think over. At the recent inauguration of the Expressway by PM a lot of UP buses were deployed to bring people from villages to show PM is still popular. But all those buses returned to the inaugural site practically empty & PM show was damp squib. This was also one of the reasons to trigger withdrawal of Farm Laws. Govt.knew it took "panga" with wrong people. Sikhs maybe minority but they are resilient warriors who can show people their place. Govt. knew even after doctored opinion polls to show BJP Govt is still popular contrary to ground reality it is likely to lose UP elections.
Those who are saying that this guy has understood the bill correctly first of all go and check yourself what the bill is saying. It is clearly mentioned that Farmers' land will not be involved in any of the contracts. Secondly, the transport and all the other expenditure will be carried by the contractors, not by the farmers.
Finally after hundreds of farmers died they're blood is still on your hands modi
I respect farmers finally pm  accepted their demand... Jai jawan jai kisan
Imagine if India followed china's policy but it is power of democracy which gives you right to protest at the same time these reforms were required to modernize agriculture sector in India. I don't know what is wrong or right but really sad as well as happy for farmers
Farmer union should be there with government's intervention who will decide the price for crops.
Read on the internet about farming laws and protecting the farmers rights globally and then compare what modi government is doing for panjabis.
If democracy ko bachana then farmers ki support kro sab
He dragged this issue for too long and doing this after by-election results and months before UP elections clearly shows his intentions. If he had to repeal should have done much earlier. Many farmer lives could have been saved and the inconvenience to common public could have been avoided. With this move, he only ended up disappointing his supporters who will feel let down by this decision!
Now farmers around delhi for protest is 2.5 million
Farm bills are like high end expensive car with below average engine (few loopholes) 
It was a very peaceful protest....see what indian government and delhi police did...shameful government..don't they have any kind of realisation or grief how 200 farmers died in winter in these protest..still farmers showed such patience from 2 and half months...
Bihar's farmer are poor farmer in India. These regulations were itself removed in  Bihar in 2006 . Now you can compare Bihar model and punjab model. 
* there is a steady decline in agricultural production as depicted @3:45 during the times when the archaic farm bill existed
When "The Fakir" comes with folded hands after 15 months and with another jumla (hypocritic)speech with a eye on State elections rather than genuine respect for #farmersofIndia what does he deserve?  Appreciative Clap? Or a HARD SLAP?  The Kissan in 5 states will decide and show in Febraury
Thank you for thinking about the farmers and portraying their side in the correct way
Game hh ane wala up election and punjab election hhh
Something seems wrong. If food is surplus then government shouldn't subsidize the food that is produced they should use that money to train those farmers to do something more useful. That is the best thing for those farmers and taxpayers. Why are they producing food that no one is going to eat? Am I missing something. And hasn't every developed country's share of agricultural percentage of the overall economy? I think it is because other parts of the economy are growing not because agriculture is getting eradicated.
 a joint committee of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not. But unions are adamant.
And also put a lot of people in support of this bill and Canada pm Justin Trudeau spoke up for them and this cruelty goes on and on and this is just about stopping the peacefull protest. And we call it democracy
Anything diljit says cant be correct he is singer not an economist a farmer a gvt servant an ias or anything that relates to expertness in field
I am a defence aspirants, but still watching this video coz i wanna know about farms  bill in detail( reality as well as myth).
There is no debate about msp... The law will surely dissolve the APMC... And then if the Direct traders will not give fair price to the farmers then , where the farmers will go??
Laws have been explained in theory. Practical application is totally different. Small farmer will be finished if MSP is stopped as has happened in Bihar. Traders will exploit farmers to the hilt.
I am with Farmers 
What about farmers in rajesthan or does NDTV only care about farmers who oppose bjp. Why dont they give same coverage to them.
Congratulations, after almost 1 years all 3 farm laws are repealed
Appreciate ur effort but real problem has been missed. U can share a video on d current situation and  solution around govt  handling the farmers/their demands. Our farmers have already been on the roads for days. This is worrying and disturbing.
Episode two should also have the way in which government dealt with farmers and how media tagged them terrorist , cause you simply quoted about the loudest in the house , I hope the sound was simply of tear gas and bulldozers digging highways just that the issues cant be discussed . Progressive bills are not passed during corona without oppositions and suspending them from the assembly by switching off the Lok Sabha tv audio , please keep this in mind too .
Most of the Indian comments are typical "you don't know anything about india,you don't know these acts,don't interfere in internal matter" while these commenters don't even have any knowledge about condition of Indian farmers.they are desperate to save so called 'image' of government at the cost of lakhs of farmers.there's serious intellectual crisis in India.
Upper caste people of india against farmers and jobs of poor people
Msp is minimum support price not a minimum selling price
Second option -from next year farmer has option not get in contract. And also this is optional to farmers. They want to get in contract or not.
Galat information. Farmers not bound to sell only in APMC (mandi).
Not Indian farmers, get that clear
Sad he saw his own father killed infront of his eyes.Minister gunda son ni kitne pariwar barbad ker diya.Besharm miniter bola mera beta ni kush nahi kiya.Thefamily looks middleclass farmer.peoplemust help to provide legal  assistance to fight for justice.
This is just an ALTERNATIVE MECHANISM. FARMERS CAN STILL GO TO MANDIS AND SELL THEIR PRODUCE, if they don't want to opt for Corporate farming or don't want to sell their produce at some higher/lower price. 
Thakyou modiji .. on the very eve of guru nanak devji gurpurab we were able to repeal this black laws ... All the farmers can now live in peace
Not all india farmers , only punjab and NCR, because they r big farmers , these laws help small farmers a lot.
I got goosebumps..feeling Soo proud on my nation specially farmers which I never felt before when I bcm mature. Jo bole so nihaal. Satsriakaal
Well, for this farm bill and all the protests going around, I think this all is due to our (youth)  ignorance and lack of analytical ability about any issue. We don't want to reach to the roots of the problem and just jump into it because we don't have the foresight. This issues of understanding a problem should be taught to youth form a tender age, including in the education system and only then we can have ripen mangoes. What we study today is farmers are poor, India has no scope/future ect.. in short all negatives. To change this we meed to change the thought process. 
apmc gives direct money to farmers  which is also a main factor ,  also most of the time apmc gives more money than msp,
Agreed both sides adamant. Well done democracy. Though this government has made attempts to talk the farmers are refusing visa versa. Now if thes rule are repealed and laws retained the only benifit will be rich farmers and politicians because they can bill doze and get money. When all sectors are opened to all why cant farmers that is the poor people tilling and working in their own land decide whom they can sell to. The government have said no changes to map. The farmers can sell their produce anywhere. The concept of mandi was used to help collect the stock and sell it at requirement. Why do farmers want the central government to buy food grains from them if the central government has allowed the farmers to sell their produce keeping the minimum msp I cant see what is there to detect. Farmers are not saying the point of non agreement bill. Let them state the exact reason. At this time of corona virus already the health care system is in strains now if the winter crops fails they will again come running to centre for help. Well this is a cross situation. Best is let the farmers say what they dont like in the bill and why. This will make matter clear. Somehow unlike upa government which claims it brought in opening of economy. Why did they not frame a stand structural policy in agriculture
BBC u guys are talking to the wrong guy. Speak to a farmer organisation chief now a political party. They are not farmers but just trying to achieve there political agenda. And u r also quoting him wrong as he is not a farmer neither head of a farmer organisation. u should atleast read tthe backdrop behind him. Not expected from BBC tto misquote.
India has 28 other states but the only state which is protecting is Punjab.
I am sure 90 percent of u who are supporting Farmers Don't know what exactly are Farm Laws...
and government should give MSP assurance(I know its not that simple).Then these whole bills will become really beneficial for farmers. And farmers will be directly connected to the market and middleman's role will get removed.
We marxist leninists always fight for the students, farmers and workers of the world.
Farmers give also that compensation to minister's son
Farmers from different indian states are protesting against this law and every citizen are supporting them but their are some notorious people who want to create distress by making this protest for communal specific.
Govt. should works on some important Agriculture system like         (1) Fixed Rates of Seeds , Fertilizers , Pesticides  or their usage in crops.                             (2) Organic or bio fertilizers or pesticides to safe our future.                                             (3) Improve the system of PACS to all states.                                                                (4) Every farmers known about complete package and practise of their crops.
Last week I heard in a video that the population of India was 1.3 billion, now its 1.4 billion. NICE
Up election ka tohfa bjp kay dwara
Benefit of the existing system is taking less than 7% of farmers so its a failure and a new system according to digital environment is essential
This police talking discussing about 101.. show them your are the farmers ..no a government service.
Thanks to show originality of our protest ye godi media to fuddu hai #kissanektazindabad
Please stop this! We should stop supporting less productive jobs in india.
before we discussed about Avanthi group , In that video Shariq said they were promoting ,helping, training the farmers .should we always think  corporates always looting others?
Indian farmers wants to remain poor
Now who will save farmers from the clutches of rich farm middlemen, arhtiyas, Dakaits? The farmers will continue to born in debt, live in debt and die with debt? Government should not have repealed the new farm bills. Very unfortunate.
Dear All, These laws have flaws I agreed to that but those flaws can be fixed... Modi gov did not discussed these laws with farmers before passing them in parliament... I also agree that the process by which the law was pass was wrong... I have spent more than 3 hrs to study these bills but they are beneficial for farmers from other states. If the flaws are fixed then farmers from punjab as well as farmers from other state will also get its benifits don't blindly say that take these law back totally that is nonsense thing to do 
Why NDTV SAYS EX-CONGRESS MP IS NDTV JOINING GODI MEDIA FIRST TIME I AM ASHAMED OF NDTV
VOTING is ultimate protest in democracy. No policy of Elected Govt can get 1 billion people support. Even if 10% against it then it is 100 million people protest.
The only tv channel NDTV help and support farmers and even farmer respect them 
Such a good leader and withdrew the laws which were a boon for the farmers because they opposed it. Such a compassionate leader. Love you sir. Modi again 2024
We farmers from other states need freedom from state procurement only model which is beneficial only for some state namely Punjab because our state government are not fat rich with central subsidies.
Why is Delhi police behaving like this with farmers
#StandWithFarmer
I also must remind u that only the punjab and haruna farmers are protesting a lot . Farmers of other states do not have much problem.  So the farm laws must be a recommendation and amendable so that each state can take it if they want to and if they take it then it can be changed as per the farmers of the state.  Win win
Please remember that several millions of small farmers welcomed the farm law reforms and the extra empowerment. But some large farmers who also act as middlemen-traders and commission agents to exploit the real farmers, are protesting on the street with large funds from abroad..
Thar was driven by Rahul Gandhi...and Gandi family were going for picnic....in between farmers came n commited sucide under the jeep!!!! UP tusi great ho!
Thanks for video we are with farmers
What about martyred farmers?? Some compensation is mandatory
What a shame for Indian Democracy when such video clip clearly shows brutal mind arrogance of Power. If they do such things with farmers then how common people are safe. This is the  intentionally mass killing, if they are not able to face even a simple protest, just horrible incidents in Largest Democracy and total shameful.
Sir what are your thoughts on Shri Navjot Singh Sidhu sir calling Pakistan PM his big brother? Not from religious stand point. But looking for your video having your feedback from National security point of view (since Punjab is a border sharing state). Should Congress clear their stand, roadmap/agenda on relations with Pakistan?
The Farmers of India Won. Laws have been taken Back  by the government . INDIAN ONCE AGAIN SHOWED THE WHOLE WORLD THROUGH PEACEFUL WAYS DETERMINATION AND COMMITMENT PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY CAN WIN. MAHATMA GANDHI'S IDEOLOGY ONCE AGAIN WORKED IN THE 21ST CENTURY TOO  Love from India
What an intelligent person that Indian correspondent lady was.....yes, key elections are coming next year in Punjab and UP and large number of Indian farmers are concentrated in this region..... We can say that the BJP are actually considering the farmers as a vote bank..... RIP POOR FARMERS 
Few months back there were protests on small scale. The farmers were demanding Atleast 22 per litre of milk.  ( a rise of roughly 2 from the previous price). We get milk at 48-50/ litre. 
This show that India loose in 4 th generation war against Pakistan
why would modi ji and his followers speak against anything like this? these people have never ever have done anything during Indian independence struggle, do baap wale the, do baap wale rahenge.
Stupid ordinance how many farmers go for contract farming .......
Contact farming advice by you is very truth and genuine. I suggest the same in farmer andolan to one police officer. But it sounds like playing flute in front of Buffaloes 
Start the anna andolan again to throw out bjp..we got success in throwing out congress..now is BJPs turn
I was trying to understand why the farmers are protesting and saw couple of videos but they were very confusing but your video was very informative and simple. Thanks 
expands the scope of trade areas of farmers' produce from select areas to any place of production, collection, aggregation".
So what about the marginalised farmers for whom this bill was intended? Let them die because doesn't suit your agenda?
News channel walon sunloo Jo kissan bathaie hai unhe pata hai ki kya bill hai..... OK.. So don't ask any farmer to explain 3 bill
Not sure all if and buts are true in this video.  This model is all over the world and has benefited the farmers life. I am farming degree holder and work in the farm industry the UK for last 15 years. UK being a small country we produce quality product coz of standards which is we need in India. We can supply to the world by export with high market access. Look at China 50% of agriculture goods in Europe come from there coz they can make high quality produce. There is lots of misinformation and I'll fated facts about subside would be affected  in this video which is very wrong. Please don't put video without understanding the farming process and government scheme. 
Price rise of sugr and pulses during congress regime when it's legal you know exact quantity of stocks
The best explain chapter I ever listened about the MSP, FCI, APMC etc. 
Modi reform was required as they system was creating debt for the farmers.
Farmers Lose Fight.
Poloce and mofi need to respect Farmers
These are not farmers ,these are khalistanis they are  ot carrying farm equipments ,they are carrying weapons like swords and this not used for peaceful protests
I thanks BBC bcz u cover farmer protest in positive way otherwise according godi media we all farmers r terriest
there definetely are cons of these bills but, about 86 % farmers have very small land holdings, this bill is to help small farmers by providing the option of not dealing with APMC and directly participating in contract based agriculture where a farmer can come in agreement with the private players, the msp is to clearly specified in the agreement, council board will settle disputes if they arise however the problem of unpredictable market rates will shift from the farmers to the private players, if the farmer is at fault, no action should and would be taken regarding farm holdings (how can this be bad ?), the government also has assured that no msp will be removed. contract farming will ensure that farmers are provide the right knowledge on how much crop is to be produced and what should be the price. Private players will invest in agriculture . removal of comission, no food wastage, assured buyer. All parties have sometime or the other also gauranteed contract farming in thier electoral manifesto. If corporate plaers do not provide the msp as assured by government then the farmers have free choice to continue trade with APMC. How can this be bad ?
These farmers are protesting against 3 controversial laws that were hushed through parliament in the pandemic, without consultation of the farmers. The laws are taking away the livelihood of the farmers in the name of 'reforms' by giving corporates authority to control agriculture. This will push the prices up of crop in the future which will be beyond the reach of the ordinary Indian. These farmers are feeding millions free of charge through Gurdwaras, Langars when disasters occur worldwide, or at protests as we see it on YouTube. A lot of protestors and freelance journalists are going missing. The police have arrested many by fabricating charges. It is being falsely reported that these protestors are terrorists. These farmers have sons in the army and police, guarding the dangerous indian borders, so these rich people can sleep at night. The present PM is Gujrati. Gujratis do not have soldiers that die for the country. Farmers are honest, hardworking, truthful people that have trusted the BJP government, but now realise that they have put the BJP as an elected dictatorship. BJP, since it's power have implemented anti Muslim laws, caused divisions on the ground of religion and is now portraying the Sikhs as an anti national element. The actions of the Gujrati PM, BJP are fiercely contested by the public to the extent that the government have used tear gas, batons, barbed wired and concrete barriers to silence the protest. This has got attention worldwide so now the government is trying to defend its actions. It is not rocket science to understand that when controversial laws are forced on the public, it will cause outrage.
Thank you for speaking for farmers 
When you dont listen to your people or give them some kind of positive feedback,  people are bound to lose patience. However in this regard, I suspect some troublemaking hooligans were paid to incite the protesters by becoming violent. I wish our leaders behaved in a more responsible manner. Ofcourse they saw this coming. That's why most of the media channels have been broadcasting the farmers protests in a poor light. Why can't the Modi government repeal these laws? Are these laws above human lives and nations peace? Is modernisation and economy so important that you will disregard that its these farmers who are working hard day and night to bring out these crops. If the protesters were provided with proper channels to exhibit their protesters and not made to sit outside Delhi for months in the cold, then other political parties with vested interests wouldn't have used them as a way of creating trouble. This protest is meant to be the voice of only the farmers and is meant to peaceful. When the riots were breaking out where were our leaders hiding? If they had let them in and spoken to them would this have happened? Violence is not justified in form. But incitement to violence and pushing someone too far is a form of crime in itself. How can you progress in a country where the leaders are not sensitive and compassionate towards its farmers ?
I think the few points what you have missed were already highlighted in comment section. The main fact I'd like to put forth is that, "In any which way, Farmers and Middle class will see ups/downs. The only reason we are seeing chaos out there is b'coz it's creating an impact on many Mediator groups which connects us (may it be Dealers, Mandi owners or State Govt. itself).
The borders of the National Capital have been witness to thousands of farmers from Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh since the 25th of October. Farmers have left their fields and decided to march to Delhi urging the Central government to repeal the controversial new farm laws.
28. Your mention of Farmers are related to those from 2 states in India where the agriculture market is controlled by these middlemen.
Very very brilliant guy most important is education ofter you can know we need mandir or we need college and road and  jobs. Bjp is. Totally froud
I feel ModiJi has a back up plan as well. Let's see...
First, Change is rule life. Indian Farmar should upgrade as today's market scenario. They at least think why most of the intellectual person supports this bill and some of them not even in BJP? In democracy, it is too difficult to take reforms. We can't compite the world by old method and old technology. Farming should be a respectful income source not a compulsion
This is so far is best explanation....can you please explain farm bills with pros and cons
Farmers should be happy with  throwing away onions on road  because price sometimes gets down to 0.5 rupee per kg in apmc which is in news every couple of years  . Also throwing milk on road farmers are happy right? Dont get fooled people its in your hand if you want to sell land to corporates or not . Its about option . New farm bill will benefit consumers and farmers . Technology is available to connect both end to end. Whats problem?
Heard ur views - I haven't found anything wrong with the bills. Regulated market is not closed here. There is always an option for farmers to switch between free and regulated markets
All freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small /marginal farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , bribe Patwaris and show themselves as ' Khud Kasht '- i.e. Actual Tillers , in the Revenue Records . Such NRIs and others then take free electricity etc benefits
Now All Farmers will Vote for BJP 
3:12 and 7:09 the points are in contradiction. Pehle mai apna point prove karne ke liye apne farmers ko mandi tak hi nahi pauchaya. Aur later wale point mai apne himachal ke farmer ko Maharashtra paucha diya.
Arrogant PM has no time to visit the site and listen to the people n farmers to resolve the crisis.
These are not real farmers
The BJP Government respect the BJP flag more than Indian flag. Godi media helps the Propaganda against the farmers
Currently India's unemployment situation and the resultant economic inequality situation has reached horrendous proportions and breaks all records of last fifty years due to the faulty policies ( Demonetization, Faulty implementation of GST and unscientific and brutal corona lockdown ) of the Modi government since 2014 and this incident in Bihar of the Railway  coach burning  is just one of the prime proofs of it that young  unemployed students is currently extremely frustrated  on the poor performance of RSS BJP fascist government on every front especially economic front. In last seven years of Modi government, top 5% of India's rich  becomes more richer due to tax breaks and bottom 84% of India's poor people becomes more poorer due heavy burden of direct and indirect taxation on middle classes and poor people of India as per Oxfam international report, 2022.
He is worried that time for justice for several farmer suicides during agitation
eventually they created the situation for Farmers ,what the Government was wanted so they can show the people their Assumption was Right before .
Sir, can't we fix that what you buy from farmers you can sell just 5 % more to APMC, then 3 more to retailers and retailers can sell it to at 5% more by this common man and consumer will be benefitted. 
Farmers Protest proved, People's Power, also proved that people in power are our elected representatives
The last bit is so true. The country would not have paid any attention to the farmers' problems if they hadn't come out in protest in response to these reforms.
I support farm laws
You teach well ... But I would like to know do you really think commercial companies and retailers would give more price to farmers than government controlled markets? ... Do you think retailers will not take more money from consumers ? ...
We need to support farmers or else we can't live for long
Farmers want's government to take back law that banned burning Crop stubble which turns north india especially delhi into gas chamber....
But Why farmers are protesting in Punjab if it is only the problem of state government? Are the farmers then want to help govt. Sacrificing their interest?
86 % farmers were not against farm bill: Supreme Court, Business Standard News (Source of News)
It's not just about patience, though. I was in rural India about two years ago, and the farmers were already desperate. They don't have a whole lot to lose.
What is the unjust brought upon the farmers
Waiting for your another vedio on farmers protest
FARMERS TODAY KNOW HOW TO WATCH AND TRADE WITH NCDEX OR MCX .. THEY KNOW THE BASE PRICE AND COMMODITIES ..
My beloved farmers your friends and family is looking forward to meet you 
Farmers proves they beat goverment . Win new Delhi.... Rise there falg on new Delhi.. Wait soon sikh makes there own country khalistan
A region called Vidarbha in Central India had rampant farmer suicides a few years back but strangely it doesn't come in the news anymore.
India won't stop until we make the current goverment take these bills back.
When there's dispute in assessing the Bills let Indian people should understand thoroughly in their mother tongue .
The government took one year and more than 600 poor farmers life to repeal the controversial farm's law.
Rather than this kind of law government should help farmers to start a consortium in each village and help them  to start to sell their products directly to customers by providing building or infrastructure. We don't want to buy higher price or frozen item from Malls
The best explanation.... The loopholes are actually too big for poor farmers and we know India is far from an ideal place.
Khalistan is in the making. A Seperate country for sikh brothers. Sikh brothers are required to convert their Indian currency into dollars and open foriegn bank accounts in order to secure their money.
It is so easy to say anything on video, there is neither facts nor research and just talking. Can you please quote facts rather than background music, noise and switching male and female voices... This is what happens when content creators create their version than farmers or even research from agriculturists... So easy to represent anything in video without any core facts and quoting moneycontrol and outlook for numbers.. lol
Can someone explain if as he said, 94% farmers are not using APMC to sell their produce so I believe they're still being exploited regarding pricing as they do not get MSP. So why are farmers protesting if most of them don't use the present services? It seems that he didn't cover the entire situation and there is much more to it that what he's describing here.
It seems to me farmers want a protected market where the government wants a free market. They demonstrate because they fear but they are not necessarily right.
Now Box understand  and says they are rich farmers not the poor one's.
MSP will be there and mandis will be there too but farmers can sell their farm products outside which is actually depends on farmers GOI cant force them.
If you Don't know...still you don't know because of the "media" you chose as your source. Yes, the word 'FARMER' draws a lot of sentiments and we too respect the real farmers as the condition of those is really bad in our county. These new agricultural laws are for the betterment of Indian farmers and yes when the poor will get then the rich will loose and that's what the protest is all about. Same political parties which created the draft of these laws are now standing against it just to appose the current government and play politics. We are proud to have such government which stands firmly for the prosperity of our country and its people.
Rakesh Tikait he is right,,,,, people lost trust in him...PM
Farmers and you, both haven't got it right.
Cuz this bill also let's any farmer give his crops in any mandi not restricted to his regional mandi as before.
State APMC mandi be brought under    central/state ministry to prevent misuse.
Modi government is very good on several aspects but please consider the farmers issues.
Farmers have done a great work, hatt's off to them. 
Praying for all farmer's of this world. Keep fighting love from WI. USA
Most of the rioters not protesters are from Punjab and Haryana but guy in thumbnail looks South Indian where do you find such stock photos?
Lmao he is doing a save soil movement and is talking about farmer misconceptions with no opinion, great fairy tail story isn't so
I have no interest in the Civil Services. Just watch your videos to stay educated about various topics. Probably the best explaination of Farm Bills I've heard
This new policy will benifit both consumer n producer..  only cunning heartless middle will lost their lucrative business.. farmers are protesting because they are mislead by some selfish monger
Happppy win of the farmers
.................. Will be back soon for the betterment of farmer's rights 
& thirdly,the time tested Mandi system can stay with fixing of higher MSP....& government keeps strict vigil on the corporates pricing ....in fact the government must fix the profit margin of corporates........ abolishing middlemen is a fantastic idea......& the end of the journey of essential commodities must only be the corporates.....
You have presented a very specific and constrained view of things. Things may, and most probably will, play out very differently, in a positive way. There is a very good possibility of farmer cooperatives just like it happened with fruits and vegetables. Further, the govt has proposed amendments to safeguard against such loopholes now.
kisaano c desh h desh c kisaan ni we must support with farmers ...   anaaj c zinda rahoge goumutr ya gobr c ni
He clearly saying that farmers bill is usefull for farmers but repealing them means in interest of national security
350 lakh crore have been waived of industrialists how you are care of farmers
2. The Govt has fixed quota for buying crops at MSP, most of which gets scooped up by big wealthy farmers who have a underhanded deal with the mandi brokers.
Strange, farmers from almost every other state in India are not agitating against it.
I'm literally in tears.  #supportfarmers
What if farmer is unable to transport its good to factories directly.
First they live in denial, then they mock you, then they fight you, then you win! Great job farmers!
20% of opposition of farm bills won against 80% of pro-farm bills on basis of benefit of doubt. Agriculture reforms are need of an hour. Corporate seller and producing farmer nexus is important without middle men who eat up benefits drawn out of corporate seller. Well, if government took back bills in January itself, things would have been lot better keeping in view of beginning of feb delta outbreak.
Feeling so bad for the farmers
and yes these farm laws are bad but not as bad as these people from Canada and UK are showing it. Please Stop this non sense of these guys supporting farmers they just want state which is Khalistan and I won't happen any time soon sorry khalistani people 
News reader you need to do some research about the whole situation going back to last few years . You dont understand the Farmers Protest .
You think that there is no requirement of making kisan bill and let them be under adhtis like mother India's Kanhaiyalal . This whole andolan was in favour of adhtis . These people have killed so many people in the name of Kisan andolan .
CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW MUCH I RESPECT ALL FARMERS.
They looks good on paper but in real world and with long term concerns, they failed miserably. So this time a wrong step by govt, they should strengthen govt based warehouses and middle man's structure, it will be more beneficial for farmers rather than introducing such pathetic bills which will gonna help only rich people.
Indian farmers we proud with u
FARMERS HAVE THE RIGHT TO RESIST!!!!
They aren't forcing the farmers to sell to corporates. They are just giving more options to those who cannot sell in the mandis. Plus, farmers will get protection from any deception and the corporates will have to consult and agree with the farmers before any big decisions. There may be a few loopholes but they should be amended if they come up. There's no reason to repeal the bills completely.
Kisaaan khud kimaat teh nhi kr sakta kyuki unki cost kafi Kam hai aur vo Hume utne hi daam pe de sakte hai ya usse zyda bhi monopoly bnake .... Aur beech k middlemen Kam ho jaaynge toh kaafi zdyq difference ho jaayga unki cost aur Apne price Mai .... And they aren't that educated that they can decide the prices ! For God Sek .... Reform bill is good for them they aren't even understanding that ! This will reduce their pressure and will provide them good money
how can give such a speack after killing all the farmers
Great explanation without bias. Overall the bill a way forward and the farmers today are far more informed but need a chance to be free. The protests are largely due to anxiety of the greedy big farmers and politics. It however hard to say that the cost will rise when shoddy produce from large farmers is denied subsidies with minimum support prices. All in all a way forward. Nowhere in history a protected or subsidised industry makes much progress after a while.
Today goons of bjp loss, 5% farmers who actually represent 95% innocent farmer who even doesn't know bjp goons telling lies or the farmer who oppose these farm laws telling lies win. Now no one have right to made obligation that farmers conditions are not improving in india and political parties are not doing anything because we see what's happen when anyone want to improve farmer conditions.
Was really hoping for Vice to cover these protests. It is winter season in north India and in the capital temperature regularly drops to 5 degrees. These farmers get shot at by tear gas and water cannons in this weather. There is a huge risk of Covid outbreak as well and yet the government just won't listen. All the moves these days are to benefit the big industrial families. The farmers did not ask for these reforms and the government is simply creating problems to provide solution. 
Today every farmer in Punjab is subsidized by Indian State equal to India's average National Income. They are like government employees who get free power to run pumps and then state comes and purchase their produce.
I watched your entire video and found you couldn't stand neutral and justify the protests due to lack of understanding in subject. Do you know India is in top 5 agricultural producing countries, still Indian farmers earn way less than their western counterparts? Why so? Because current APMC act prohibits farmers to sell their produce out of Mandi so called wholesale market. In Mandi a mediator would buy farmers produce on low cost and sell high to retailers. Farmers don't get the right price for their products hence.
Jab BJP bihar election jeeti to saare bjp karyakarta bjp office ikattha hua hazaro main tab corona chutti pe gya tha
Wow indian mohdi government is so horrible to these punjabis.... khalistan zindabad
If only some farmars get msp,,then u have to improve the system,,,not withdrawing msp...
Regulation my foot. In India, you have to be rich to get justice. Farmers cannot go back to Courts and fight the corporates the same way Drivers could not protest or file case against ola/uber.
Thank you so much for the excellent content sir. I have a small doubt sir. You have said that when there is 50% increase in retail price only then govt will bring those under essential commodities. But how is that base retail price is arrived at because it changes continuously.
The only aim of police must be to ensure freedom of speech and right to protest to farmers.
This people damaged everything on the name of farmers
It's victory of Farmers over cruel government.
# farmers were protesting in Punjab , haryana no media putted it  into spotlight after that they decided to go in Delhi they were stopped by obstacles , road digging , water Canon , tear gas after that police asked Delhi gov to turn stadiums into jails gov denied after that they called them terrorist , khalistani etc 
No offense, even army officers in camp has lesser facilities. If farmers are so rich, then probably middle class government officers and farmers of UP and Bihar are oppressed ones. These farmers definitely are not oppressed. I guess interviewers need to level up their question
No farmers,  no food , starve. Simple.
Corporate Chennaikal ?? You are inflating hypothetical situations Open market is competitive and benefitted because there are different players How do say Open market is Failure in USA and Europe? Also Contract farming is on time bond validity farmer can cancel this before next renewal. Removing of Middle man is main thing Its just Jameemdari fancy name and Corporates are not just Adani and Ambani there there 200 plus corporates and around 100 E business sites with such a competitive market is beneficial for farmers And dont underrate famers as poor uneducated paavam choosanam Its actually a broad bill for farmers and E business
thanku for clearing the doubts of farmer bill
It is not farmers protest
I am ashamed I voted Modi. If BJP doesn't brings in Yogi for reforms, I don't think there is any reason to vote for bjp. Modi grandpa is getting old to handle political pressure.
This is our matter not yours . If you are so concerned about the farmers, please  give up your Canadian Citizenship,come to India and try to develop the situation here. Be concerned about not only the farmers of the north but tackle the situation for the whole farmers of India because most of the farmers are marginal or poor farmers unlike the ones of the North. Also other farmers are accepting this bill. 
ABP news you guys dont have heart 8 farmers got killed and you are talking about Bhindranwale you are turning the story upside down 1st bjp leader son drove his car on the farmers than farmers beat the persons whoever drive the car and when bjp leader saw the farmers coming to him he shot one of the farmer on the head
We shouldn't forget the role of haryana and some district of up too even after complete crackdown by bjp led state government they support punjab in protest. This is real protest not like CAA where it become roits before it become protest. Hope we UP can support but even Akhilesh and all other opposition leader are restricted from going out to protest.
I'm with the farmers but Rihanna doesn't give a shit about farmers, she was paid 2.5 million to make this tweet
Literally  I cried alot after  listening the farmers situation,I felt the pain what they bore...may Almighty  Allah  bless all of them,whom fought for the right."..All the righteous  people,we love you"...
de aa. I wish our Sikh brother/sisters and esp. the farmers remain safe in India, coz India himself cannot afford another Operation Blue Star otherwise the results will be totally diverse this time.
Hello World. These are goon farmers from Punjab!!
I think it's always better to support what's right today.. tomorrow they may take out MSP.. it's just overthinking.. when they do that kind of things. Then Opposition is demanded , why to make a fuss now. And I think we need Capitalism in Agriculture.. of course Controlled Capitalism. This can definitely push even more urban people towards agriculture, I see nothing bad today. if anything bad happens tomorrow, we will stand with the farmers. No need bash everything that the government does, I'm a liberal too, but I should not bash good reforms.
If the market rate is 10 but the rate fixed in contract is 20 then farmers can sell their produce at 20 and the company has to buy it. If the company denies to buy the farmers can file a case against them On the basis of contract as their proof
Indians....if you really love farmers and soldiers ....
2020 to till how many farmers kill in this duration nov .2021 .
Does the farm bill 2020 stop a farmer from still continuing to trade with the APMC in their respective states.
Actually this is a opposition's planned protest.  Real farmers are working in their agriculture fields.
These Farm Laws have three bills,
mam you are talking about MSP and MSP again and again.....read the bills their is no even one clause in farm bills about MSP
respect from Pakistan to our farmers
This bill will establish monopoly of big companies over indian market. The richer will get more rich and small farmers will be forced to either commit suicide or leave agriculture.
Never Again BJP For 700 indian Farmer
5) Punjab, Haryana are the two states who were getting most benefit from the current sstate of MSPs. They are not the only farmers in the country. 
After seen this video  , I am also in  support of this bill. My father is a farmer he suffers lot of problems now present but I see some solutions from these bill .
But nowhere in the bill it said that msp has been scrapped. So why are farmers protesting
BJP need not worry about any negative electoral impact and in fact it is bound to gain very positively a lot electorally both in the long and short run. But the crucial and some what the urgent need of the hour is that BJP should deploy its best communication and campaign skills in dispelling \ countering \ negating the poisonous, extremely negative and a very wide inimical campaign started by the many rich farmers and very rich arthriyas (middlemen) in absolute collaboration with some political parties that are against the BJP against the new 3 farm laws in order to influence the poor and marginal farmers of Jats and of India also.
Modiji being a wise leader has not bowed down to the likes of Tikait etc, but has genuinely thought about the farmers and the misguided andolan.. He sees who is hurt by this stand off and in his magnanimity has chosen to repeal these laws. Those who will proclaim its their victory, its not. This is a victory for the PM. The loss is Theirs. They will realise how much later on!! Meanwhile the only trump card the instigators had has been cut by Modiji. Great leadership. Salutes.  
Delhi Parliament itself needs reforming and modernisation. Passing of the 3 farmers bills is testimony of failures in following the rule books of Parliament. A handful of people decided the fate of millions without debates and consultations. A bill that is passed under controversial circumstances should not become law.
Most avg. Citizen who support farmers protest best argument is ,,",the farmers are not stupid, they must be protesting against something bad "  ,,and coming to conclusion using half baked knowledge
It appears to me that India is "encouraging" its remaining rural population to urbanize by destroying the viability of small farming operations.
1 sec is what takes modi to repeal law, repeal and make again, what's the deal ,he never died, but 130+ of us died, shame on bhakts, paid economists calling khalistani, maoist to the poor, black period for india 
If these laws are good then why farmers of Bihar UP could not get advantage of these laws.
It was not kisan's andolan, it was dalal's and khalistani unrest in the name of kisan. 
Lmao congress party supporters claiming themselves as farmers 
We support farmers 
Any video on south African violence against Indian @ south africa
Its victory of Congress 
Thanks to BBC from Bottom of Heart. This will energies Farmers against dreadfull Laws .( Ex Pharmacy Officer Moga Pb  Bharat)
I wish pakistan will implement this same farm law if they want to contest with india on broad level.
And also jo b discussion debate ho farmers and traders k bich vo cctv camera p live record ho and tab sabi matlb sabi involve ho sakte ha
Your target audience is educated. They will read farm bill and other bills. 
Ex there is no MSP on onion companies take onions 10 rs from farmers and they store them when companies has a big stoke of onions they dont sell them then there is shortage of onions  and this is when companies sell onion on 100 rs  
APMC can eat Rs 91 per Kg and getaway, Big corporates can't, they would need to show on their balance sheet a ROCE (Return of Capital employed) of over 1100% will lead to heavy scrutiny, even if Big corporates make huge profits say 30-50% ROCE, they could give farmers much more in return than the what farmers get in current APMC model.
if the idea is to keep India an agrarian economy and keep subsiding the farmers ( I am not against it because they live in poverty and need help) then nobody is actually a winner and things stay the same or potentially get worse as Americans or other countries by involving corporate and technology in farming lower the food grain prices  by increasing yield and even start exporting to India,  while India lags behind.
Salute our farmers......they proved that people power is greater than government power. On this Guru Purnima day, farmers have taught us how to stand up for your rights in a peaceful, democratic manner. They are not just "anna daata" but teachers for rest of us citizens.
Wahh .. Standing ovation goes to you as ur determination compelled supreme court to suspend fascist tea Vendor's passing illegal brutal legislation..  On the other side Muslims in India did not  hv courage to protect our oldest masjid and unable supreme court to discourage law passing against them..  So week they are. Again congratulations to Sikh community on this day of victory
Support to farmers from Kerala. Kick out all corporates. They had destroyed rubber farmers of Kerala.
farmers agreement on price assurance and farm services act.... isme hording ko promote kiya jaa rha hai..... companies manipulate karengi kissaan ko... msp naa hone pe kisaan aadhe paune daam pe bech dega kyuki perfect competition hai
We want more real content of the farmer protest like this.
6. Pinnoru karym paranjath farmersiny evideyum kond vikkan ulla facilities illann.. nammude nattil e-commerce vannath njan ivade ormipikunnu.. if there's such opportunities then new business ideas will come.
Modi government trying to pick and choose from the Agriculture system in US and Canada without bringing in the Federal structure and proper subsidies that farmers get in the US, Canada along with proper checks and balances  Imagine what that would do to millions of farmers who own less than 3 acres.
Have the Indian media blamed the Muslims yet for the farmer crisis?
This called uppar uppar se baat karna at its best. Farmers don't have money to take their produce to various parts of the country.
Agriculture revenue is fully based demand & supply of produce. These bills are not beneficial for farmers producing regular produce like wheat and rice. These bills are beneficial for farmers producing rare crops like dragon fruit etc. 
Bro I liked the fact that u made a video on farmers protest in India but my question is that why r u silent on whats going on in ur own country? Are u not aware or scared of making a video on the ongoing violence all over south Africa ?
We are not one's to decide whether the bill are good or bad.. go and talk to farmers and discuss their concerns/problems  with this bills....
What i cud gather is these farmers have clearly studied the bills before strikes.
No farmer no food 
Farmers know what to do I stand with farmers
Farmers  across the country =
The recent state elections in India has no effect after what everyone said this would be a political debacle heres the real picture- the countrys Supreme Court published their report today 22 March 2022 and it shows 80+% of the farmers backed the farm laws, the protest and holding the streets and states at ransom with road blocks and violence had political backing and funding. Heres the link for you: https://youtu.be/mTKhpsA97F0
Stay strong, farmers!
The one more reason for farmers protest , the advantage for farmer when they are selling at APMC/Mandis is govt buys at MSP as they don't look at quality, they simply weight  and credit the account.
Thank you vox for not calling them terrorists. Cause that is what our national media is calling them. Farmers are very much right. Although today, govt have agreed on 2 points and we are hoping that govt will agree on other 2 aswell. It will be appreciated if govt takes back laws.
This is the most insightful and balance presentation on the implications of the bills. Instead of agreeing to include the exploitation preventive regulations you mentioned, the bills were simply withdrawn. The farmers are back to square one. The farmers always bear the brunt - in India and most parts of the world. This has been historically been the case for most part of human civilisation.
And storage of produce by the companies should be controlled.... that's exactly what the farmers are fighting for.....
Dear, Poors are getting affordable food grain in market because of Bihar & East UP Farfers . Punjab farmers have no interest in selling food grain to poor public. Punjab farmers just want to sell all produce to Government only at their terms.
Those are kalistanis. If you remember on 26th January, they turned violent. Tell about that. You are misleading the facts. Why did they protest violently? They attacked police. I dont know how you are telling they are innocent.Why didnt they protest peacefully? Because they are fake farmers. 
He directed the police force to throw water cannon over the farmers in an extremely chilled weather.... From this episode, people can understand what a despicable creature Narendra Modi is.. He should be booted out of power forever and for passing the farm bill in an undemocratic manner
I want to become an IAS, doctor, engineer, scientist, businessman, lawyer, politician, youtuber,...... But how many children wants to become an FARMER..... The answer is NO ONE......that's why the agriculture is very poor in India........ When we study agriculture in schools/collge with practical knowledge not just theoretical Then I think the agriculture sector grow up
Modijis Considering about Farm Laws is  Due to Gandhi Neherus  Successful Democracy development
I live in America  but Im on the side of the small home mom&pop   farmers this is how these ppl live THIER way of life.ITS ALWAYS THE BIG CORPORATION THT WANNA COME IN PRIVATIZE STUFF CUT THESE PPL OUTTA THIER HARD WORK LAND AND MONEY  ITS JUS WRONG KEEP FIGHTING FARMERS!!!!
I m concerned that media and these liberals are dragging India back to the dark times of Congress rule. It sad to see indian will never become like united states or west where they embrace meritocracy, capitalism and lower corruption. Looks like India is going back to Congress rule and back to the 2000s era policies and politics of dynasty rule and nepotism. Thank you media and delusional liberals. Thank you.
Look I support farmers of my country right now..... But, please research facts properly.
ITC makes partnership with the farmers in the same way, and the farmers are too happy, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Rajasthan, UP are the areas ITC is focusing, but those in the Singhu border are making fake issues, what do they get from this
Rest Tikait immediately
They are not farmers they are the middlemans
Anyway one way or other reforms are needed in agriculture industry to raise farmers income and agri practices.
Shame on us that we the citizens of indian are not doing anything for farmers.
He said it is better to choose agriculture as an occupation, if we say this to anyone they reject it because they have some college education, they reject it because an educated person cannot choose agriculture as a profession.. There are so many farmers to do it.. But what I feel is we are forgetting our basis
Still every right to choose is with farmer they are getting more option, and you can always find flaws and demerits even in best of ideas and their future consequences. Still its not a problem for which roads have to be blocked but to sit and figure out in a logical manner but with obvious good intention from both the sides.
Trevor, It's good to talk about Protest but why don't you show up your views about these farm laws! Many farm experts and current demands need these Laws for the wages of farmers and their life style basically it's a protest to strengthening the opposition for coming elections in the state of India. Please show up good news also!! Cheers!
U are foolish when 1991 act come for increasing economy private companies come even they give employment to many people but salary is very low in the same way farmer will get less than msp rate if new rule come the best example is bihar .today bihar farmers exploited thats why they are leaving bihar and are going to other states for labour work because they follow this new system from many years
Finology legal, you need more time to know about this india. Your information is not sufficient to understand the cause of 6% of msp availing farmers. Please work More on understanding these acts and their consequences on indian ecosystem. Have a look on study iq explanation over the above acts.
There is difference between uber ola and vegetables marts.....people will buy their groceries from other portals if existing ones will act like a cartel.....and farmer should know that they are doing business so they can never expect same income every year there are possibilities of losses too
cold/rain talking to #farmers
Well done farmers. You can pick up from the language used by this reporter that she is a Modi supporter.
India is.in deep deep trouble... modi may suffer a heart attck...lols
Up/punjab k election hone do
But still Cannot understand how the loss is being to the farmers as I am a child using my mother's accont
These farms are way to small for that type of crop.  The real solution is to reduce the number of farms and buy larger equipment an rotate fields.  You cant have 70% of your rural population trying to making a living off the land.    Should be around 2% of your total population.  Vertical farming might be a solution but that would take billions more than buying out farms.   The right solution is evil and will hurt families.  Government goal should be 500-4000 acres per family(over time consolidation).  Real problem would be how do you chose which family unit wins(1 out of hundreds).  The rest are forced to the city.
Delhi police 90 / bjp rss moodi amitsha yogi manky nath ka support hai sangi police  ko.hattow.dhese bachawo
Matthew 23:12 Whoever exalts himself will be humbled (Modi), and whoever humbles himself will be exalted (Farmers).
Public and farmers are both at profit
Showing just one side of the coin ? Why only farmers from punjab r protesting when they have highest income in country among farmers. Nothing more then political motivated group supported by khalistanis.
Why is the APMC a legitimate organization ? Two or more producers coming together and collectively setting prices for their produce - it is price-fixing. Why should the APMC be allowed to exist in the first place ?
Looking beautiful with intelligence thank you for explaining however I didnt get the      exact what is new bill and its good for farmers or not.
Realy it is defeated the farmers special jay hind, jay Bharat
WeStandWithFarmersProtest
Now I finally realised the points of both sides, now I feel not only farmers eveyone shud protest tbh 
#standwithfarmers #farmersprotest
6. Opposition requested the bills to be put forward to a select committee. The chairman denied them that opportunity, again against the rule book.
Its very sad that govt could not make farmer's understand the law's
Your presentation is professional and voice is well modulated, but you left out  very important points. If the farmer is cheated or any other dispute, the law precludes filing for any legal recourse!! This is very serious. It's taking away the constitutional right of the citizen to move the courts for redress!! It is  basically leaving the farmers at the mercy of the big corporates, who can force the farmer to sell even lower than his cost (coz he won't have any options), hoard it, create an artificial shortage and then sell at very high prices. Farmers and consumers will both be the losers. Corporates are the only winners.
Modiji why high earning farmers (most of em upper cast) still income tax exempt?
You missed out the most important fact... Farmers are not actually against bills.... They are saying just assure us MSP in writing in bill....on which govt is giving verbal assurances which is not acceptable to them....farmers are more intelligent than all economists put together...
Rather than saying I watched videos , go and check in how peacefully they are sitting fighting for everyone not for themselves #supportfarmersprotest
After 50 years term NO FARMER gets any pension.
No farmers no food .
No Farmer No food 
Indians as a majority were very vocal supporters of the laws repealing citizenship of Muslims. didn't hear Punjabis protesting then so no sympathy for them. plus they clearly are so much better then the rest of india in terms of poverty due to the artificial pricing and financial engineering that opening the markets makes a lot of sense economically speaking. clear case of greedy sobs wanting to keep their privilege
If farmers stop producing for just one year...... every one will understand.
Best acting award for 2021 goes to Respected Modi Ji!!!!
3. Farm bill 3 has removed all taxes, market fee, cess or levy  on contractors outside APMC mandis, but shockingly allowed heavy taxes  inside APMC mandis. But APMC mandis are for farmers' protection.  So, due to this bill the contractors will tend to purchase only outside APMC mandis, so does this not lead to destruction of  the beneficial APMC mandis ??
PM Modi must REPELs the farms Bill actualy CORPORATE BILLs. If not how many times Adani -Ambani Save PM Modi. Jai Kissan
Entire country should support farmers .. bjp government is a coward and not even want to face farmers ..
Today the consumer class is silent. Apart from Punjab and Haryana, big and small consumers in other states are also supporting Modi because they still have religion and nationalism in their mouths.
So Sooo sad. Wish the farmers had seen and understood what was at stake for them. Probably first leader of any country to admit he was wrong (alyhough he was not wrong). Hats off to the leader of the free world,  Mr. Modi.
Aren't your views based on fears? Fears of something that is yet to happen. Why don't we let a reform go ahead and create a support structure for any farmer who suffers? Instead of protesting before a something that has hapened, can't we act as and when the loss of a farmer actually happens.
It is after all a case of supply and demand. If there is excessive supply of any commodity the price goes down and there is suffering . Since independence no proper planning ,no industrial planning and Governments drifting like driftwood.
Why are all protesters here Panjabis? Why have they come to UP to protest ? Are there no kissans in up , bihar or west bengal ? Where from are they getting huge money to roam over india without doing any work? They are not any way farmers.
Its as simple - More competition more price farmers will get.
I am a farmer and i support farms act, this will not only help me increase my earnings but also channelise a supply chain to boost economy
Those MSP beneficial  6% are only punjab and haryana,thats why they are against these bills.
How about we fix the profit margins for the farmers ?  Not on the price itself but a profit margin of 40% regardless of the price.. if the manufacturing cost and market price go up or down it doesn't affect the farmer's profit margin which will remain the same for any situation.. 40% for example.
Samdish Brother very very thanks for visiting Farmers protest GBU 
Thank u brother,I m with farmers
I am not blaming these farmers i am blaming those political leaders who are misleading them and giving them misinformation and misinterpretation of the farmer's bill and making them think that it is against them.
cost of food items like wheat etc , which are in super surplus as of now india can not rise because the supply is heavy as of now. free market leads to price discovery, if x items price increases then its demand decreases and people look to consume different item y which is low cost. good that government is getting out of business, as governments should have least interference in dictating economy.
700+ farmers lost their lives
When Modi Arrange A Rally For Bihar election Then NO COVID 
Names of 600 farmers sacrificed their life should be written in golden words somewhere, there should be park in the name of these matryards, like in jalianwala bhag.
But sorry to say, cheating - it's not the mistake of agents. It's the lack of unity in between farmers. Offcourse illetrate and the failure of societies.
I don't think you are educated and aware of passing laws the same way previously.Without even giving a try we made them take the laws back.Don't say it's win of whole Indian farmers.I haven't seen any protests(except for some political parties)from the South or any parts of the country other than Punjab, Haryana and some parts of UP.
If it is explained properly, even non agri background or urban public will also support them in cancelling new farm laws. 
Victory of farmers kisan ekta
Today's Bill passed ke liye thanks again modi G 
Victory of farmers.
Farmers are not fools holding ground in such cold for 2 months...where BJP politicians sleep in their AC offices.
Very nice explanation, with perfect suggestions. Lets share and make it hear by the voice of those politicians, so that they can understand the real probelm and steps to be taken for farmers.
Mam i had a huge respect for you ,but think that if farmers are protesting there is something in it...If mainstream media is not showing anything about this, it doesnot mean that these bills are right
Truely  needed  this will help all to see the reality of what our farmers and surviving with .... one of The  video which showed the whole reality... Excellent job done by u all
Kya baaat hai modiji , hum to Ben 10 aur chotta bheem dekha karte the , aaj bacche bacche news dekh rahe hain
I don't understand if government is doing it for the betterment of farmers, why it needs to be imposed!!!!!
#4 If the small former does not want to sell to private , he can sell to APMC Mandi at MSP Price  and MSP is only applicable for the small time farmers not the rich farmers
Shame on modi yogi and amit shah they gave state and central govt they didn't do anything for bengal workers of bengal still they will remain silent on up also shame on bjp #napusanak BJP 
Instaed of that they have simply pulled it back, that to after sacrifice of nearly 700 farmers.
With the decision to repeal the three farm laws, another ambitious attempt to reform another touchy sector has boomeranged on the Modi government.
These Are Anti National or what Modi Jii ???  What About Sharjeel Imam he talked about the blockade result is in front of you  he is booked under sedition kya hoga India Ka ???
You are absolutely right... But if the farmers are educated they will not be farmers 
To be a daughter of farmer and living in a area where 100% people depends on the farming , your video is not focused on the ground reality. 
One Country and One Market proposed by the Government of India, is impossible to implement since  our Country is multicultural country.  The country divided into 23 States based on language and other cultures. Then how can one country and one market is possible. Government before introducing major changes, should discuss with qualified persons keeping aside politics. I am confident that Farmers may not accept this major change.
These cops and political leaders now  talking about covid, when political leaders do election rallies in GHMC elections and Bihar state elections, they won't have covid at that time.
There are some loopholes but this new bill is a progressive step for Indian Farmers but they need to be educated about this correctly as opponents are misleading them as they always do.
There is nothing wrong in the farm bills, this gives so much more flexibility to the farmers since they can sell their produce to whoever they want to without getting into the clutches of the monsters of APMC. There are always 2 sides to a bill like this. Only time will tell us if this is actually a pro-farm bill.
Right to recall Ladey kejriwal....Modi ki fatt jaegi
In india if anyone haveing education they r not willing to do farming. They want to go outside do job. Thts harse reality as well
For us farmers ,i would say dont create chaos in city let govt function.when govt remove msp then we will do protest.
Modi Govt has done appreciable job in coming up with the bill to resolve most of the farmer issues. 
Bjp is like British government and incidence at lakhimpur like Jallianwala Bagh...one should not forget when in war of 1962 indo china war, in war of 1965 indo pak war...and in war of 1971 Indo Pak war... indian economy survive due agriculture and india able to survive..we should not forget in covid 19 lockdown indian economy sustain due agriculture.... farmers are important to us... please any cannot respect the framer pls don't hesitate.... proud to say my culture agriculture...jai hind  jai bharat
If anyone thinks Farmers protest been success he will be the No.1 fool. It's purely political gimmick. Upcoming elections  and their recent failures have paved way for the withdrawal. Success we yield when the fascism bites the dust in the UP and Punjab elections .
This bills belong to Ambani or addani... Not for farmers
The only profitable and GDP growth was seen in India in the agricultural sector. Modiji se wo bhi saha nhi gya
I stand with our FARMERS.
NO POOR FARMERS WHICH ARE TOTAL ABOVE ARE 70 PERCENT AREN'T PROTESTING THE BILL...
Its the middle men who are agitating than the farmers as they will be out of jobs if the farmers sell their product directly to companies. Indystries need to be setup for which land is required and if the companies buy land near the produce which is obviously the farm lands even for which they create hungama stating big industrialists are buying lands and they will throw the farmers out. If industries are set they need ppl to work in the industries as it is food processing ones.
Lets pray for our farmers .
So called Mandis are active only in Punjab and Haryana. This point has to be highlighted. In South India, no one knows the meaning of Mandi.
Ek dum unbaised. Thank you. I support government but I also support farmers . Violence is no solution. Farmers should give suggestions to improve the bill not to repeal it because it will give profit to many farmers across India. But there must be some improvements in the bill.
First bill sounds like Nile cultivation during colonial era....further in case of dispute farmers will lag behind as they don't have access to higher legal services. 
Terrace pe 2L coke ko bottle me 2 patte pudina ugane wale bhi kehte hai We r farmers aur contact farming k fayde btaate hai
* The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.
Congratulations to all Kishan n mazdoor.... Jo v morche de hak check c
The problem in india is to many people on farming so land is very less and so investment power is also less 
I support farmers love from Kerala 
Its amazing how much food can be grown on one square acre. Enough to feed thousands, and Im not kidding. *American farmer
These are not farmers but greedy ideology people who only care about themselves.
Lov my farmer ab bjp ko bhi hatana hai . Nafrat failane vale pary .. 
Shame indian government modi
The riots that took place in the CA nrc movement or the farmers movement BJP got the RSS terrorist rioted they intered  the guise of Farmers and Massacred them they had Full support of the police
Agar yein laws nahi hothe. Congress vo laws ke liye ladtha tha. Agar laws aagye tho Congress usko bahishkar karne ke liye ladtha. Ek ki warg ke farmers oppose kar rahe the aur bol diya Whole Indian farmers. Because of them real farmers are suffering.
_The harsh weather has claimed the lives of over 100 poor PUNJABI farmers till now._
Govt brings Industrial policies after discussion with Industrialists in five star hotels. But acts as all powerful and omniscient while bringing farm related laws. No discussion. Treated us like something insignificant and dependent. We are participants in democracy. Listen us. Ensure enough checks and balances to make us stand before big corporate. First create job so that children of farmers can find jobs. Otherwise stop projecting yourself someone as benefactor. Pull not push. We voted for your because you did better in Gujrat and use it as a model. Now people of Punjab and Haryana have Bihar as model where APMCs were abolished. And we dont find that encouraging. We are not regressive which you are hell bend on protecting us. Just loyal to land and not want to be second class citizen under riches. Include us in law making process we will support positive reform.
Support Farmers 
Farmers, Teachers and kids are foundations of any healthy, happy, stable society.
So if Punjab & Haryana protest & no other major states are protesting then might be political influence. Else, entire country is mostly into farming. So country should have been burning if all are not happy with it!
thank so much sir. for giving nice information on Farmer's bill 2020.
In the second bill when the farmer is facing low prices in the free market, the farmer still has the choice to sell at msp in apmc mandis right?
More than 4 lakh farmers cometed suicide in past 20 years. 
This is honestly absolutely horrifying. India is one extreme case, but unsustainable monoculture farming is practiced all over the world and in many cases is the status quo. If no large scale sweeping changes are done to implement polyculture farming soon, we WILL get worldwide ecological collapses as farmlands become unusable. Regenerative farming needs to be a much higher priority instead of pure profits, but at the same time farmers make so little that its difficult to incentivise.
Healthy agree production, Rich Bharat , removing middlemens, Employment generation, proper utilization of resources like water, electricity, Minimizing flood, ecological balance, nutritious Bharat, GDP growth, educated farmers, increase in Purchasing power, Bharat Sone ki Chidiya, Ram Rajya
Bcoz Already 94% Farmers Dont Need It Right?
These laws were not good for farmers or Bihar should have richest farmers in country because they already had these laws for more than 15 years.
Arrest his son immediately , all this politician thinking they are the king and others are staying in their territory.
They are out there from past 2 months but none of the local from there has complained for any inconvenience.The people chanting Namo Namo are the one who are having the problems with farmer class.
Yes actual farmer has lost today
To answer Samdishs question: YES PLEASE,  keep covering this protest. It is most important event for the farmers of the Nation and indirectly every single citizen of India
2) Retailing & Bulking E-Stalls for farmers( heavy planning and discussion)
UP elections will slap BJP , mark it
Congratulations to all farmers and remembering the ones who laid down their lives for this revolution..
Supporters of farmers here outright assume farmers are correct on the logic that they are farmers and they can not put up any wrong demands. 
*Rich farmers* in India have issues not the poor or middle class.
.in mandis also MSP is only for the best or 1st quality of the products.
_These Punjabi Farmers have served the Canadian Provinces, and US States, supporting the food needs for the people. They are the same who produce food for the whole India, and being treated like second class people._
Sir aap bengal chale gaye the election ke time ek bar Ghazipur border pe bhi aa jate to shayd farmers protest khatm kr dete...
Third if u will closely study the bill proposed by govt it is actually a good sign for farmers .... i mean real farmers for thier sustainable farming
1. It is clear that all people in the protection are NOT ACTUAL FARMERS.
Godi media should apologise for calling farmers terrorists
NEWS CHANNELS SHOULD EXPLAIN THE FARM BILLS LIKE THIS.... THANK YOU SIR... JAI HIND...
LOL GLOBAL PANDEMIC. Was it a violent protest when muslims were killed in India? There wouldn't have been a protest if Modi would consider PUNJAB to be a part of india and listen to what farmers had to say. Why have you not put a clip of Modi saying anything at all about these protests in your 5:10 video? Oh yeah he didn't say anything about the protest, acts like nothing is wrong. Simply shows how much he cares about the people of his country. He's the Prime Minister of India not Chief Minister of a state or a local MLA, its high time he takes responsibility and acts like a Prime Minister for once. If his laws are so beneficial for farmers why doesn't he come forward and talk to him. 
This is a new political party and is neither Farmer's Union or Farmers themselves by profession. They are just a group of polished vocal actors and in my opinion trying to showcase and serve as professional Political Servcies providers. Its not only distressing but saddening to see how BBC could even invite them to give an assessment on Farmer Issues and air them globally. Very unlike BBC that used to be a reliable news provider.
All should rise up to the cause of farmers. All who protested for CAA should also join. Otherwise this govt will become despotic
Our govt never posted any law with force. it is swaminathan committees recommendations that was made law. Which farmers wanted. this farmers are from only three states punjab, haryana and UP. They have political career to establish. Here the farmers protest canditate is giving false statements on media they were given place in ramleela maiden. and clearly we can see they are supporter of communism (CPI flag). New farm laws will break the monopoly of middle man therefore the big landowning farmers are protesting.
Tomorrow what if they say 'One India one political party' why we need more parties? we are one..! So only BJP is to be there... Just like that 'One nation..one mobile service provider'.. only Jio should be there..
Free markets exist in theory because the fact of oligopoly power is nor factored in. Take the case of Ola and Uber.( Also, remember Milton Friedman was paid by large corporations). Btw, the introduction of a base price or at least an indication by the government of their willingness to introduce one in case oligopolies start their round of cartel formation outside the mandi is the only safeguard I can envisage here. That's the crux of most farmers demands. Also the PepsiCo controversy still lives on in the memory of farmers in Punjab and Haryana and other places. So that explains their scepticism towards contract farming. Also in places like West Bengal and Kerala where land reforms were implemented is it really possible for Contract Farming to take shape at the stroke of a pen? This system could have only benefited most farmers from these regions if cooperative systems were first established and then they were allowed to profit from and through the forces of the market.
To cancel three farm law is Another master stoke by Modi before UP election.
6.More than 87% of indian farmers are very small - like less than 3 to 4 acres so all these farmers can't sell their produce other than local markets due to very high transportation charges
1. The three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now 
The farm laws could also benefit farmers too, it can increase farmers incomes, get rid of corruption from middle men, give them a larger market,and it further liberates them, and most of the points in the farmer bills were suggested by farmer unions before, and there are plenty of farmers and unions who support the laws.
Everything is available now as earlier. This means the real farmers are still in the farm and fake middlemen are in Delhi border....
That's why it is important to read economics.. Only big farmers are getting benefitted from last 70years(6% using msp) you said and subsidy is around 2lakh crore  and now using protest they want to continue.if this money used in social capital expenditure atleast there would be less poverty than now. I request please read  basic books of economics. No growth share poverty while create wealth and regulate by govt to spend on capital expenditure.
For the state of Punjab, levies are upto 14.5% instead of 8-8.5%. And GoI has been maintaining MSP for 23 comodities instead of 22.
These are part of reforms like occured in any capitalist country. It looks at the larger good and victimize smaller entities. We can not change it. Unless you change country's model to communist which can even make the country disappear from the map. Live with it and be smarter to position yourself with the wind. Education to small farmers can only help them.
I am son of farmer and I was waiting for this video since protest occurred 
Salute to brave farmers for their courageous attitude and sacrifice 
  20%   Indian market dominate   80%   suffer .      20%    1.3 billion  feed  ?
I come from India where we take pride in being vegetarian but run over the farmers who grow our vegetables... Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan
Punjabi farmers essentially have a monoply in India. They are the richest farmers in India and what they want will be at the expense of EVERY SINGLE OTHER INDIAN farmer.
Agr ye bill bekar tha to kisaan phle kyu marte the???ku Suicide krte the ....
Salute to all those farmers who died in this agitation
The three farm laws were to place India towards market economy as required by World Bank and USA.
Surely you can see that by making agriculture more remunerative more people will enter into farming, production will go up & prices will trend downward to a fair balance of interests of the farmer & the consumer. 
MSP Fix krde sarkar, ye mandi wale aur seed agents price ni dete. Kisaan ke pas koi choice ni hai, trasport diesel cost jyada hojata hai, traders, mills,factory bahoot door hai, kon lega crop/produce? any suggestions?
I think BJP govt did not took remove the MSP and AMPC
It was good that politicians were not allowed at that place because all parties in India are same and they just want to milk their own agenda in this whole incident and therefore the involvement of courts is betters than these politicians......the same day the protest against farmers deaths was taken back by the farmers....
Oppp farmer's police should beaten
The journalist in UP has given all wrong information.... These Farm Laws were actually good for small farmers and not good for big farmers....
You are not farmers you dont know what farmers face in future after  this bill
Leaders of Farmer union are responsible for electing illiterate Modi Yogi by supporting BJP in last election.
Agriculture bill will crush farmer.
I am a farmer's son from m.p...
why do we show much sympathy and sorry for the farmers, their means of survival i.e. farmland has been handed over to them by their previous generation, whereas I did not inherit my degree and work experience to get hired into my job. they can grow their own food, they didnt had to go to school college study work hard and earn their living, they did not had to start from scratch to earn a living.
Everyone is afraid of change. Don't resist just Embrace it. Our country  is developing that's all. All of us should be happy. I can see why farmers are afraid, but it's for greater good. 
You should also add a point that Conversation is done between those who listen your points also. These Farmers have made up their mind of not listening to government officials and without any motive are trying to make other states farmers life hell.
The government will play dirty tricks to scatter them off of the protest. As journalists keep reporting on them and keep them safe from those tricks. We the rest of India who cannot join the protest with them on the ground are still with them at heart. Our parents, reletives, grandparents and ancestors are also farmers. We stand with you. Vandemataram.
sir make another video now... because now farmers  just want to scrap the 3 bills .... and also tell about the repercussions of MSP as a law in international trade ... how  foreign trade unions will react .. according to me countries like canada , usa are already protesting against this ...
very sad to.hear that and surprised that 5 % farmers ( Traders) have more weight than 95 % farmers. However farmers realise soon
And seriously, the farmer protest is a farce.
I am requesting to all farmers plz. Plz. Read these three ordinances of farm bill. This farm bill will benefit the farmers. plz don't believe on political or farmers leaders rumors. Farm bill is providing you choices and Read it and then react. Specially punjab people plz read and don't take this protest on your ego.
In Madhya Pradesh farmers are not charged for selling products
It's time govt does something about this chaos on farm laws... Creating a mockery of India's image.
Modi & his team has sold the India to Ambani&Adani.That why either he won't hear the suffering farmer's voice nor speaking with media/reporter or opposition team.
If people will start selling to private players so, after some time APMC will be closed like bsnl is going to .then private companies can exploit the farmers . As they will not be able to sell to APMC as it'll not be there and private companies will only one with whom farmers will have to negotiate and private companies can legally exploit them.
Hail Farmers
I wish them well. They need to protect themselves. I am sorry to hear that Modi is considered to be worse than Trump. Thankfully, we have removed him, but our country may never be the same. Climate change will exacerbate all of these issues in the coming years. I will pray for the farmers in Punjab and all across India!
This bill is totally correct protesting farmers are dichads. This is the result of uneducated citizens of India 
Agenda based information, there are 28 states in India, why didnt you mentioned about the rest of India and its farmers. Stop spreading one sided news.
Thanks to all the farmers, now all they will rich, they never make suicide.
I think as here clearly said only farmers of haryana and punjab are protesting, nothing wrong as they have right to do so . Every one sympathise with their and government should try to make them understand. 
Why South Indian farmers didn't revolt ?. Only 3 north Indian states I will not tell them farmers as they had hidden agenda against central government .
1:49:19 : Act-2 : MSP Act : The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act, 2020
Honestly i don't understand why the farmers wanted the laws repealed. It's not as if the new laws meant subsidies won't be provided. My understanding is that the new laws allowed farmers to sell their produce in the private market, directly to corporates if need be and not only sell to the wholesale market, so it opened their options. Please correct me if I am wrong.
These tow black laws has made India more weekend ....one is 370 withdrawal ,  and Three anti farmers laws. India now become an undemocratic , raisicist and a financially failed country. India has lost all it's good image the world....become the weakest country in south east Asia .
If you really want to help farmers just bring a law and make MSP mandatory for everyone.  Then bring whoever private player you want.
700 Farmers have given their lives just to remove these 3 Farm Laws which is a very sad part of this fight. BJP govt could have done it much before and saved farmers lives but the reason they did it now is out fear of losing UP elections...
They are earning 5 crore every year. Same thing going on in mysore. There are 12000 so called mandyies functioning in Punjab only. Agitation in Delhi against this bill participant are not farmers. They're billionners and others are hired or paid illiterate farmers. This are the  very fact behind the game.
Total Population involved in Farming in India - 53%
1) Is this a threat to Indian constitution, when bill are becoming laws without  legitimate debate and failing to protect the interest of its citizen. This will test the effectiveness of judicial system, can Supreme court help to properly interpret the meaning, significance, and implications of the law so that citizens can decide  if the laws are made for the people or for the special interest lobby sponsoring the government. 
Farmers are going to stay here 
Also, by allowing trade zones to come up outside the APMC area, farmers have become apprehensive that the new system would lead to eventual exit from the minimum support price.
Congratulations to my all farmer friends!
When the entire country was reeling through coronavirus outbreak and lockdown and people were left jobless and hungry in the street..this guy fled to US for biking adventures..pretty much shows the level of empathy he have for people..no wonder he has no objections against the farm bills..
Small farmers are not able to keep up with big companies or huge landlords. Moreover farming tech and fertilizers are expensive. A modern harvester costs about 250.000 $. Farmers with huge fields can afford it, small farmers cannot.
- The mandis have State and Agent taxes of upto 8% which is controlled by middle men who loan to poor farmers at also gain interest from them . Free market will have zero tax 
Modi would not have backed off had there been no Punjab and UP elections
This is bad , I supported Farm Laws from day 1 . Doing this kind of cowardice is peak cowardice. 
And for the small scale farmers in the absence of mandi, will they be able to sell their product. 
If Modi govt likes farmers so much our Amarvathi farmers are protesting for the past 2 years, why did repeal the good farm bills, just for Punjab elections?  Modi bent his head for the first time.
3. The contract terms on quality, payment terms, quantity, selection of input (seeds etc.) loads everything against the farmer. On top the farmers do not have access to realistic credit lines and other financial tools to run farms effectively which forces them into taking loans with land as collateral. A big fear and reality that haunts all of agriculture.
Shame on Indian government.. according to article 19 Indian residents have right to protest.. farmers are under attack by police.. this is not done
5) lastly the good amount of money the farmer will get (even in the initial days)can be used by the farmer to build secondary income like cattle farming, poultry or a processing plant etc. Or educating their children which will then create a new breed of highly educated farmers. 
Bloody liars.they are working on behest of China and khalistanis.please stand with the government of India.
Wow,  #shrewdBJP #modiLOST #LoLBJP
Small farmers Cooperative societies in every district seems the best solution. With a few educated, honest and marketing savy leadership they will have better bargaining power. By reducing having to deal with middle men, prices for consumers too will reduce.
BIG BUT POOR ,this mentality  of protesting farmers shows the wisdom of mass protest in India .
Guys , Plz also make ur videos in hindi . Bcoz may be farmer and most citizen in india  needs to know all about this bill but they do not understand English. They are either hindi speaking or.any any regional language
why dont Modi just increase the benchmark if he really wants to help the farmers!!!
Congratulations to the farmers.
Our farmers are innocent and moreover they are uneducated....thats why opposition political leaders fill their heads with disadvantages of this bill and they start believing them blindly.....with this bill, the role of mediocre will end, the shop of mediocre will end and thats why they are protesting on the name of farmers...please my fellow brothers and sisters first read the bill carefully and then react...
If this act allows someone to sell their crop in inter-state market then why Haryana CM tweets about Rajasthani farmers not to permitted to sell their rice in Haryana itself,
Govt has failed to convey the message clearly. Its only the farmers who always face the heat. Better convey messages first then launch such bill otherwise farmers are not trusting govt anymore.
Why you cannot expect farmers/their rep. sell directly to endusers in case there is no MSP?
I just made my grandpa see this video and now he has whole new perception of the bills coz he is one of the so many small farmer .
What is wrong with farmers? Why protests?
Hey, I am from India....  Writing this comment to tell you that this is just half information..... according to new law produce can be sold in free market if they don't want to sell it in open market farmes call also sell in APMC which are governed by the government....so it is beneficial for the farmer that they can sell there produce anywhere , where they are getting more price for it... The real reason for the protest is that those farmers are misunderstood as some reveals have told them lies. And not all the fafmes are at protest as they know the right thing... So please don't spread the fake news. Farmes are respected in india there are so much schemes for farmers in india and alot of things have done for there welfare
Our great farmers..don't you dare to bother them..
When india free from Facsist Bjp government?
Its not one nation one market. Its the corporatization of farmer market. Which will exclude the lowest fixed price for the crops of indian farmer, atleast that was given to a farmer, no matter what. 
This is a game they are playing for upcoming elections in up ,punjab ,haryana..
Please make video in hindi so that it will be reachable to farmers too.
One of the solution can be to make small farmers into cooperatives which can be done district/village wise so that the big industries can buy produce from them in large quantities ...both the parties will benifit from this
For 1 to 2 percent of farmers you sacrifice 99 percent farmers of India 
Its not complicated to know why this decision is come out... But anyways.. It helps farmer and comman man. Never go against will of farmer.
All farmers who are supporting this, and those who didn't support this,
I support our prime minister narendra modii..i believe whatever he is doing will be great i respect his all decisions
140 farmers dead due to intense cold and living on roads from 2 months..... cause of all their sufferings is a puppet of corporates and worst PM of india Nareinder Modi...now they are presenting them terrorists....pls all support farmers....
We miss all farmers who loss their lives during this great movement. We salute all farmers.
We are with farmers of punjab
And if koi natural disaster hou jese jada barish etc. To contract ka kyia then those  farmer will be in great loss.
Also to speed up the destruction of the Mandi system they would initially also give farmers better rates to attract more and more farmers.
Summary of some destructive points in farmer bills watch between 1:25:50 to 1:29:35:
bbc after cancelling farms law : It was very good. Modi did not implement it
So... reading between the lines ..now that RIL has acquired Future retail group and has consolidated or rather monopolized retail sector now... this Bill's are like a return gift from the sarkar as a token of loyalty.
The farmers should stop growing food for everyone.. they should keep all the food for themself and try to live by others work. Then then government will understand.. how will we get food if you are not taking care of our source of food.. you can take care of the large corporates, film stars n news anchor but not the farmers?? Shame to this government
Middleman makes sure farmers gets correct price. Lol logic died today
shame on you government. Farmers are fighting for their rights. Farmers are honest loyal
I am agriculture student sir nd mam ,my doubt is ,in contract farming big industry's contract with farmers they bond with them but how many farmers are better understanding  terms and condition suppose farmer goes to suffering by these terms and condition then any other low in these bill to protect thems.
Private company will be forced to buy at Mandi price or higher.
Farmers get lot of sympathy and subsidies, but zero guidance and support.  The first two are short term and with out last two, the result is a disaster in long term.
1. *Actually from the time of the British they appointed AUTHORISED people/companies to CONTORL farm produce and made it ILLEGAL for farmers to sell directly to people or even sell out of state.* But we produced so much and food is very much necessary that it is sold on our footpath illegally EVEN TODAY.
Farmer in my place and western go vacation or picnic at seaside or travel to beautiful place or complete thier pilgrim mission but in india framer picnic in street and wasting time, disturd public peace and freedom.
But he don't want farmers to earn from free market economy
Can you tell me what is wrong with the farm laws .. explain which out of 3 acts actually is against the farmers cause I can't find any?
Now farmers will remain POOR. 
No comments in this regard people of India has already given their comments for sponsered Govt everybody says all thease rules in favour of Corporate who sponsered this Govt if farmers says thease rule not in their favour why not withdrawal the same now every man is say primnister chor hai
At 2:33:00 you made a nice story that farmers cant get the MSP in APMC (probably just to justify that MSP is waste, so if there is no MSP by private players, its justified), but since you are a knowledgeable person, why you did not also mentioned that govt have too many agencies to deal with corruption? so do you want to say that all those agencies does not know it? or they do not work? or they know or do not work?
If proper support from state and central govt's many unemployed persons, even IT personals will dive into agriculture. India will become no. 1 world food supplier.  Pls my humble request to all the viewers and social platforms to raise voice on this.
Support Farmers .
All formers are Pakistanis siad by  rss and  modi bhaktas
Watching it once didnt do it for me  This video literally captured the essence of sikh and farmer values. Baki Samdish sir da style ta awesome hai hi!
tbh my family is farming based family we dont find anything wrong in this bill kyuki we farmers from UP only sells sugarcane as we sell it directly to factory!!! 
Farmers win 
Some day when your car is stopped on the road like Kanganas, we will sit down and have a conversation. Then we will see your logic for defaming hard working farmers. See you soon.
Shame on Fake farmers like tikait and politicians who supporting tikait urf dakait
Watch the DW documentary on farmers and pesticides. Farmers have some of the highest incidents of parkinsons and alzheimers. It's terrifying seeing these burning plots and knowing that the pesticides are also wreaking their own level of havoc. Seriously it's the only DW documentary I couldn't finish because it unsettled me so much
It's the govt's fault for rushing through the laws. But farm reforms must be brought soon, so that all farmers can benefit. Reforms can't be held hostage to the agitation of big farmers. The APMC system as of now is broken. Legalising MSP will be a disaster, any economist will tell u
I feel you are misinformed and I feel as an Indian its my responsibility to let you know about it
Your video is full of contradictions, coz when u target congress and their allies that they mentioned the same bills in their manifesto too then how u forgot to mention that bjp allies like AKALI DAL has also left bjp.
My india  my farmer
Ask you daddy, Adani and Ambani they will pay for any loss. Kissan Mazdoor ekta zindabad
Now dont cry if a farmer does suicide
why stick to corporates only. even co-operative societies can work with farmers.
WHY Msp was not guaranteeid? If these laws had been implemented,  farmers would have been slaves of big industrialists... Thanks God farmers' agitation compelled Govt.  to repeal this act.
Salute to farmer brothers out there in open, fighting for the self, country men and the cold.
It's Modi's plan to create another Monsanto in India.
Madhya Pradesh government already announced no farmer outside from Madhya Pradesh can sell anything in Madhya Pradesh , that's the confusing thing.. govt will say small cheap things which can't be explained.. the news media publish it, then these thing came from different states.. which will be ignored later part
Modi has said consultations have failed to convince the agitating farmers. Consultations should have been done before the laws were passed and by debating in parliament. Not by rushing the laws within minutes where nobody has clarity on the laws.
new farm laws are not for the benefit of farmers but for the exporters. But how can indian grains become cheaper when compared to american grains? America subsidises 100% of their farm activities. Each American farmer gets $ 7000 as subsidy. whereas Indian farmer is given $  48 per farmer as subsidy. It is obvious that Indian Government cannot go to that extent. Governemnt wants farmers to sacrifice. How much sacrifice farmers have to make? Farmers are already selling their produce below their
Mam you should add the procedure of farmers to private sector.  How they will decide price of crops and what will be the security of farmers. It is good that government is deciding msp but how if private will decide. Think about it..thank you
Haha only 2 states of punjab, haryana protesting rest of India farmers wtf is happening. 60% of Indians supports the farmers bill.
So indian farmers are all about punjabis which means farmers from bengal odisha and uttar pradesh are idiots its a Punjabi farmers protest not indian farmer protest.
None governments want  development of farmers 
Jb sarkar msp k liye committee bna rhi h to is hrami Ko to pese khane se mtlb h
As farmers they should have stopped the sale of all agricultural goods
We are sorry ,,, Modi ji
What about farmers of bihar
kisan majdoor ekta zindabad ..."Treat the people the way you should be treated" .....Stay Blessed always
Our farmers will never forget the humiliation they have suffered for the past 12 months. After more than 700 plus deaths, our PM is repealing the 3 Draconian farm laws. Had he done it 12 months ago, these deaths could have been averted. Jai Jawan, Jai kisan!
It creates competition along with profits and more farmers would be interested in farming.
Dear Vox, its ok if you don't want to support farmers, but please don't spread incorrect information. Look at how people are lapping up your half baked research. 
Rakesh Tikaitji is so careful, precise, mature and to the point in his responses. It is heartening to see a good and balanced head, and not spouting whatever comes to mind.
Does any one talking about Germans farmer?
2. SDM will be the last where farmers can go for their disputes with companies. This is India, everyone know how are administration works, there must be an option to file a case in judiciary otherwise Farmer will never get what he deserve.
Lets not loose the point inconvenience is created by failure of government by not handling situation well. They could have resolved this issues when farmers protest were limited to states. Government and media cant always blame citizens for everything. Its high time we make government accountable.
One major assumption is that most farmers use the Mandi system. The figure is around 50-50. those who like using Mandi system like the fact they store storage system, credit, etc while others dislike it because of corrupt officials. Out side of Mandi, there is no msp and frankly most marginal farmers sell out of mandis only.
Government should make illigal for private players to buy farm products for less than MSP.
it's beneficial see u made 12minute video on this topic and gave only 1minute to concerns about the bill and in that only concern is valid that may be later govt. will not give them MSP and may be govt. won't buy but it's impossible see govt. provide ration foods to poor people at negligible price and thag food is bought directly from farmers and see it's time for farmers to unit and make an organization which can be controlled by themselves which can introduce right prices in market but protesting is not the right way because they don't really understand the bill it's actually beneficial for them.
Stand with farmer
Also, it says we need a lot of money some 22 lakh crores, or something if all the farm produce has to be bought at MSP, how true is that?
 who is responsible for the farmers who died while protesting and modi is still saying that he pay full devotion 
Satisfied with the results came out. Our farmers worked really hard for this. But still it took martyrdoms of our 750 farmers for government to realize this. Yet I am not happy how things went. Salute to our Kisans.
This poorr farmer drinks cofee in 5 star hotel only
Thank you so much for awaring people , some indians even call us farmers ' terrorist' ,this is worst. We just wants our rights.
Despite being in Maharashtra, Local Marathi media is covering the farmer's protest and Maratha reservation news.
Kisan will always get loss in future because a bill can make him strong
Passing any rule, bill, or any decision can't be done by 1 person only. So please stop abusing and criticizing Modi ji.....
Support for farmers protest
Farmers of the world are in a tough spot. As the world urbanizes, political power gets even more concentrated in cities and governments are pushed to maintain low food prices. But this automatically undervalues the work of farmers. This leads to subsidies, support prices and fixed procurement all of which reduce the farmer's independence. The real crisis in farming is its economics and politics, rather than its ecology.
How do small farmers benefit since they make up the majority of the current farming sector ? 
2:02 here is the first problem with apmc mandis you farmers can only sell here and nobody else 
The Green Revolution saved India from famine and is continuing to save it from famine. There is no chance that 1 acre of jungle is producing anywhere near enough calories to replace the industrial grain farms.
22. These middlemen/ brokers had a free run in not only exploiting our farmers, but also evading taxes till date.
I like BJP but this time I don't support kangna this time.
Poor, uneducated innocent farmers dont understand such tactics and fall into the trap of these leaders and ruin their and countries life/economy/image/etc.
    1. IN CASE OF DISPUTE BETWEEN FARMER 
All stakeholders only concerned with their own agenda, not the farmers whose cause they pretend to bouch for.
Congratulation our farmers.
Misleading : Kangna never called Farmers terrorist.
So let me get it right, these people are protesting open market and capitalism that the India's new farm law is bringing in while living in the most capitalized country of this world? It doesn't make sense to me!
I wish farmers still continue their protests for MSP
thanks vox for supporting farmers
I support the farmers of India and no to corporations..There must be a new govt for the people
Stock Market is way to make money even for farmers in difficult times.... Some organised methodology should be in support for them
We support farmers. Government goons came n did this.  We still support farmers. We were there
Roads  are blocked  by  police  not by  farmers,  it is  a peaceful  protest  
Do you think the government is so dumb to anger the farmers? 
Now the opposition parties are showing their old tweets and statements about repealing the three farm bills as if their statement was enough, It's like taking some kind of credit, just by saying, "I told you so".
-many states  in India have removed  apmc system. What is the situation of those states farmer? (Ex. Bihar)
For your kind information BBC farmers are not only in Punjab and haryana..they are everywhere in india..just because some farmers and middleman not like this Bill.. that doesnt mean every farmer against it..
Now Punjab farmers will get richer and richer ...
Ur all song on top notch..bt this song is heartbeat of every kisan punjabi..god bless uuu always
Small farmers should protest in favour of farm laws, because this laws was in favour of them 
" Misleading and Manipulating the civil society of a country so that there own people (farmers) stand like a hurdle in front of country's groth and development is another front of war "
Why Gujarat farmers not protesting
Jai Bheem Jai Bharat Jai Samvidhaan Jai Loktantra Jai Bharat Ratna Dr Bheem Rao Ambedkar Ji. This Beautiful Great Legend Country India is a Multicultural Country. Constitution Gave Permission To Protest Against This Feku Modi Gujarati Pracharmantri Policy make Benefits For Ambani Aur Adani Only. Regards Ajay Kumar. Thank You.
Universe will do the justice to the martiyerd farmers..
But why are you not showing the farmers side and PEOPLE REJECTED CONGRESS JUST bcoz people want newness not bcoz of MANIFESTO (max 95% voters don't read manifesto including you) and bjp did the same ..... Sometimes I feel Congress is much better in terms of farmers and middle class.
Poor farmers actually lost
Vaah moodi pehle khatm krta bill, tune y nhi ginaya , how many of our farmers were martyred
Farmers dont need any so called reforms
Thanks for supporting the Indian farmers
All these have political agendas...none are farmers... kick them...
Good work democracy still exist happy day for farmer
Has Modi finally met his match in Indias farmers?  [asks] the UKs Guardian.
What about CAA 2019, Muslim Women Protection of Rights on Marriage Act 2019 & Jammu and Kashmir Reorganization Act 2019 and how about moving a no confidence against Modi Government
Sharique...good analysis...here in Kerala, rice farmers sell paddy at 28/- per kg (MSP) to supplyco, while private parties buy from them at 14-17/- per kg. Similarly earlier krishibhavan's were collecting coconut also at MSP which was very attractive compared to outside price. As you said, it is better to fix problems of current APMC rather than pushing farmers to open market and corporates, farmers will loose ultimately
Thanks for supporting farmers
Instead every true farmer is happy with the new agricultural reform laws.
It is defeat of small scale farmers....
FSP - Farmers Spot Price
Thank you, Modi Ji. We welcome your decision.
The aspect of losing makes losers humble. 4yrs of oppression and relief in last year has been very old pattern in politics in general. Salute to the farmers. Time will tell if this victory is complete or incomplete.
Private sector in India gives 75% of the jobs. The entire argument is based on the premise that private players will exploit the farmers, which is far fetched since India's Private sector is among the best in the world.
Same here in canada. I have strong emotional attaching to my beloved ancestor land India.  Seeing government doing this to farmers is really sad.
vox actually did a good job of covering the problem with the farmer protests.
beautiful but desh ko godi media kya dikhata hai only hate they were against farmers but finally farmers won .
Modis attitude towards farmers is horrible .........in the coming elections indian people will show you the door out..............
Well, Half knowledge given is as much Dangerous and Threatening. Elaborate more on the Farmlaws word to word rather than assuming vague media statements as the sole truth. you also forgot to address the Khalistani (separatist) elements that have grown into these protests. 
Lol he won't clear upsc with this much biasness. Itne politically motivated log nahi chahiye UPSC ko. Itne polarised views wah! Saare IAS coaching wale khe rahe hai bills acche hai yeh saala DU ke professor ko follow kar raha hai shayad . Aur haa sarkar sirf committee banayi chutiye wo bhi SC ke khene pe paise toh mere jaiso ke hai. Yeh bhi nahi pata aur aaya bada UPSC aspirant
Protest thik hain. Modi is not good . But kisan laws acche bane hain
we need other more important reforms to increase farmer economy. 
The consequences of not reforming India's oppressive farming related laws will be disastrous for both the farmers and the whole country.
Please don't repeal it, don't surrender to khalistani
9.  MSP kittunnsth, 6% anu kittiyath kond orikalum farming profitable avilla.. farmers are insisted to sell their products on mandis, those prices are regulated by some other people.
With due respect, Namashkaar Modiji, aap ye video dekhiye. It is such an irony that we are requesting our pm to fact check the reality of his own political party.
According to my point of view Farmer bills is good for them as well as consumers. However according to my knowledge farmers are not protests against the bill but middle man's (traders and companies) are leading the protest. However did you realise that why westbengal farmers are not protesting against the bill? Why hariyana, Delhi etc Farmers are protesting against the bill? Just because of government purchases. If this bill will passed then all the farmers will take the same amount price which means some farmers will received more prices and some of them will takes less price spesaly hariyana and Delhi farmers also middle man's will have to sacrifice their highest amount of profit.
Stands with FARMERS 
If prices rise, as their is already a law against hoarding, more players will start supplying the item to participate in rising cost and supply, there by bringing the costs down.
PS- central ground water board in 2019 said that Punjab and haryana would be desert in 15-20 years if don't change farming practices.
Such a historic decision of market control ,  make petroleum price hike in India while price law in international market
Indian Govt. is trying to move most of the sector in privatization.. I think is good new. But Increase big competition in the market.  Its only issue in Price negotiation.  It a bill for Upgradation of New Farming business. but Fact is that it difficult to upgrade farmer in India. I think Govt. should think again for applying the bill.
What about those farmers all across India who support this law.
*When Modi Govt. support Swarg Lok people.*
Overall this bill will benefit adani and ambani and farmers will left with nothing and we can say that this is another master stroke by our PM to help their corporate friends.
Trevor should have covered other sides..corruptions that held in "mandis" because of farmers can't sell their crops in any other place
Says farm laws were undemocratic, which was passed by the democratically elected party, yet defends the rioters who undemocratically erected Khalistan flag and removed the tiranga.
Is ON in the revised name of farmers.
Jai kisaan jai jawan from farmers of Karnataka south India Dravidians kingdom we support all farmers of India and foreign countries 80% of India is farmers population exploiting farmers since liberation every govt policies have kept indian farmers in camouflage slavery
Sorry the mandi which you showed is not an APMC mandi
"Which does not surprise me , because nobody on earth is more patient than a farmer"  - that's true Trevor
godi media .... shame on u supporting  wrong people shame on u
You r bhakts you can't decide jaker pucho farmers se aur even one minister from bjp can't go to spot to talk them throwing water cannons shame shame
Nicely explained... But I don't agree with the last point. The cost will rise initially but later it will fall as demand supply factor will start kicking in. Also I support the bill as I think any change in agriculture is welcome
If I would read 1st and 2nd law together....then as per an already signed contract with a company I would never loose a penny as a farmer...either the demand is high or low in the market...its the company's headache...not the farmer's....isn't so?...then my income will not fluctuate....
So Govt have to built an organisation which can helps farmers by giving information and decide fair price and than this bill will very helpful to them
FIR was logded in pressure of so called goons in dress of farmers. They were not farmers. 
More people to know what happened in India...! #farmer want justice
the lallantop you really do an appreciable act to show to ground situation of hardness and sacrifices of kishan .. this will lead a great impact to feel the pain of farmers in everyone heart #supportsfarmers #savemotherland 
Good mam to thinking about farmers
Brother these farmers are only from one part of the of country those who refused to even read the bill ..... Bill is for the benifits of the farmers but other political parties in the county brain washed them and provoked them for protest. I would like if you read the bill once. Many parts of the country are happy with the bill because they understand the bill and know the advantages of the bill. Please do more research before making a video on any political, cultural , historical or religious matter. Anyway your comedy videos are awesome I love them 
Now farmers can live in poverty like Congress era like in old days and news channel can reports farmers suicides daily.
He cannot blame Congress anymore. Farmers genuinely believe that their survival is threatened.
No  doubt sikhs are the heart  of India, but yes how can they forget congress had told and done to them in 1985  , and yes how sorrowful is this that same congress govt is in the power in Punjab...... Sikhs have been fogot..... This is really sad
You are so naive akashu , though you are older but  you just have this venom for our govt that is just getting poisonous to such extent that you can't see the motive here.  Plus it will end the mouths of opposition and an entry to politics for the opportunists like tikait or dakait we should say and also to all the fake men or farmers. Now they will cry but for some genuine needy ones (real farmers) I feel happy too.
Sorry Modiji we dont deserve you. These laws which we required so very much had to be repealed due to dirty dirty politics of Congress.
6. Government is not running away from farming business but creating more opportunities. The mandi still remains to function & hence MSP remains as it is. It is now very obvious that farmer would sell to a private party only if what the Pvt party is offering is more than MSP. Hence saying that Pvt company will decide how much to buy for is wrong.
The Bills aim to do away with government interference in agricultural trade by creating trading areas free of middlemen and government taxes outside the structure of Agricultural Produce Market Committees (APMCs).
1) Need to define the Regulated framework where Government will oversee & monitor the Contract farming deal presented by Private Entity to avoid any exploitation to farmers
In the second bill, will the farmers be able to sell in mandi/APMC yards if they don't like the Pvt company's price? Or the mandi/APMC yard structure is discarded ? Also will the MSP stay on some products in mandi/APMC yard?
Modi -" One India, one farmer" and that farmer is Adani.
Election near ane par aur vote lene k liye sb ne chaal chli hai ye kya mila one year farmers ko road par lakr? But afteralll kisan union zindabad  Congratulations Guys 
6) company and farmers get insurance.
A serious wrong decision...but modi has to do it for elections
Bhai agar itne problem thi jab msp lago kiya tha tab khuu nhi protest kiya farmers ne or government jab baar baar ke rrhe he ki msp farmers against me nhi he msp unke support me he @dhruv rathee
No one is grabbing land. Small and marginal farmers are NOT forced to sell their products from Punjab to Tamil Nadu (which doesn't have APMC). Jusy by Sher and Shayari, he cant deflect the topic. Yes I am against the 3rd Law which decriminalize hoarding. 
Just a another joke from modi what can you expect from bjp, rss & abvp
Our farmers are facing inconvenience sitting on roads for last few months in such cold , rain with their kids  and people who are eating at their homes still criticising them, shame on such rubbish people
Potato price is 40-45 per kg in villages due to essential commodities act but the actual farmers getting 5-10 per kg
This shooot lockdown had already made lower class or destroyed them ... unfortunately for farmers it's became a denger indirectly....due to farmer protest lockdown had not being announced. in india..and we are safe for at least to recover the loss happen last ! In other side The billionr kinda guys are slowly eating nations....!
6:20 still farmers gets msp but after this bill they wont even get that
PUNJABI HAI HUM MODI G
(Not sure if its mentioned / added in the bill but Govt ensures - MSP system and Mandis will continue.)
If govt avoid farmer then farmer will change govt in 2022
Agents and Agencies (Anti Modi Group) never allow farmers to earn. As a daughter of farmer, I feel sad.
If these guys REALLY love their motherland back home, then they SHOULD demand that farming practices in Punjab be changed because the way farming is being done in Punjab, it is being turned into a desert. Currently, the FCI (Food Corporation of India) guarantees to buy wheat and rice (no matter how much) these farmers produce. This has led to over-reliance on these two crops alone, not to mention the immense amount of water and fertilzers farmers use for these crops as repeated growing of these two crops alone has SEVERLY deprived the soil in Punjab of minerals and water (especially water as rice is a water intensive crop and Punjab isn't naturally suited for growing such huge amounts of rice).
Its could de direct farmer ...and buyer can purchase direct from mandi .and small farmer convert to labour...and market price would variation not good for consumers..in .india per capital income of people is below poverty line..they could not perche their basic need good..all over income 5, 10 years the life style should be change of whole peoples. Mask and sanitize are not basic need of poor people. So. Should be not running the formula  of supply..demand .and storage...only running blackmarketing
Lets #standwithfarmers on this for them and for us.
I couldn't understand what was said about the farmers moving out of the existing mandis and into the outside markets. Why is it bound to happen? if the farmers are getting a better price or if its a better system for them (which they believe, evident from their demand in the protest), why would they want to move out? Also, the outside market can also not be exploited to the extent it was assumed in the video. That is what farmer unions are for. It has been assumed in the entire video that the prices will drop and the farmers will be exploited at these low prices. However, sufficient guarantee has been given by the govt, along with safeguards, against such price drops. These bills were being demanded by farming unions for over a decade, and now that they've got it, they want it to be taken back.
Bhale hi protest karne wale farmers nhi violent mod tha.. but Jo huaa galt huaa..also sirf one side story nhi karna chaye.. 
#imwithfarmer
Bro ,see we 2 are producing tomatos and  sis is buyer (mac d) . I am having 1 acar of land which produce 100 kg tomatos and you are having 5 acers of land which produce 1000 kg tomatos in total ,so buyer want to buy 1000kg of tomatos ,so do you think she will come to us ( small farmer ) for buying tomatos. She has to call 10 more small farmer like me to buy . 
Big victory of my dear farmer and his family.
Today opposition politics won , farmers lost.
But what about the prices of farm products ...urban poor citizen will face a crisis in increase on price ..that should keep in mind .....
Indias 60% population is involved directly or indirectly in the agriculture sector, around 18% of Indias gdp comes from agriculture sector. If this bill is made into an act, and monopoly outside Mandis start taking place later on in future, their main goal would be profit earning, so is this a way which could increase the GDP of the country later on in future ? Curious to know
Free all the farmers in Jail
Shocking part is when the Farmer who grows wheat actually say ''i barely can provide daily  bread for the kids'' do they not grow enough for themselves, what's going on in their minds.
The middlemen - Imagine a scenarion where a poor farmer goes to a mandi along with his produce to get the returns for his hardwork. He bares the transportation cost as well. But the middlemen grades his produce as low quality and defective..and buys it at a negligible cost. The return that the farmer got was lesser than the amount he invested to grow the produce and the transportation charges. What are the chances of this actually happening to farmers of this country?
Well played Modi ji
A grand historic victory of kisan aandolan ...this will be written in golden words on the face of Indian democracy...lots of my brother have died during this protest..heartiest condolence ...this protest n wil nor b forgotten neither be forgiven...jai kisaan
India is going to more pathetic under Narendra Modi's rule  all developed countries(UK,U.S etc) should interfere in this issue this is my request as an Indian
When it comes to punjab farmers there is more to it then just these bills. This all started in 198 see cnn news, and canada university report
People who crushed innocent by vehicle should be given capital punishment. Show us some videos of people who were brutally murdered by peace-loving 'farmers', despite begging for their life. All of them were not drivers, but simply travellers. The matter should be swiftly investigated by the Judge so that peace-loving UP is not converted into a battleground.
Our  Farmers still hold great power in Indian polity..   ..
Come on all world please stand with farmers and with truth voice ,,, #SUPPORTFARMERS
Bro, mine is a common man's doubt or curiosity.There is no politics.  Why there is only sikh farmers or farmers from Punjab, Hariana and UP in the protest ?? What about the other states ? There are lots of farmers in Maharashtra , Bihar , MP , Telangana , Andra pradesh , Karnataka and Tamilnadu. Why they are not protesting like other three states ? Is this bill only effect farmers from Punjab Hariana and UP ? If this bill effects the whole Indian farmers, why the rest not come to the front ?
And what happened to suni deol campaigns, panjab supported him during elections.
1. How middlemen are not paying less to farmers and selling high in the market now?
Kisan should gherao all bjp MP  and MLA  continuously but rail ,bus,taxi should not be blocked.Passengers are kisan brother and sister.
Election aa re hai modi ji.... Vapis to lene he pdey ge
Farmers don't understand why people are you ready for the first time
You should have also mentioned this- every year India loses 1 lakh crore worth of grain and produce due to Mandis and their cartelization.
I think govt will never back out in buying crops at MSP as it already increased the list of food items under MSP. And  only handful (In India context) about 7% farmers sell their produce at MSP . Time is also come to increase some private investment in agriculture and cold storage as we see in states like UP, Bihar many farmers leaving agriculture and doing meagre work in cities since Agriculture in no more sustainable for them.My only concern is rather than making 'One India One Rule' central govt should allow state govts to make rules for agriculture in their particular states as states know better of their people need they will implement this law at right time when their people are ready.
The farmers from the other states already living under poverty line and they dont even know what is MSP thats why they are not protesting. 
The beast of Omaha was a farmer
I'm here before people start calling Trevor "pakistani" and "khalistani"
So sad. I stand with these farmers.
As far as I remember, even the government is trying to create internet services which will enable the farmers to sell their produce to any buyer across the nation, and to make it easy for any individual to buy directly from the farmer. Such democratisation of the farmer's market will eliminate the requirement of the MSPs (which are inherently limited in accuracy), and control the formation of monopolies and cartels.
11th for how many years we will continue to waive off the loans of farmers? Dont there a foul play ie politics behind these farm loan waivers?
The Indian Farmers put on the most impressive and determined and well organised protest!! CONGRATULATIONS ALL THE FARMERS WHO NEVER GAVE UP!!  ha ha sorry but nothing to see in India's Agriculture Bill Greedy Gates ha
Now in Punjab dalit vote will not go akali dal and congress ISI khalistani motive is clear to bring AAP
No Farmers No Food!
No farmers No food 
And they say farmers are illiterate
You are right that APMC system is lacking but the new farmers bills are worst.
The message to the panjabis farmers.......
Those who oppose this bill , i want to ask a question to them, you studied a lot,  work hard , spent lot of time but only you will get job of sweeper (like dalit Hindus in J&K before abrogation of article 370) will it be fair to you? If yes then do protest and  obey your word. Otherwise why you are applying the same for farmers?
These laws were good for farmers of most states. Only Punjab, Hariyana and parts of UP forced the government to repeal good laws. Bihar and WB farmers made more money by selling vegetables.
his real face is shown in bengal elections, big rallies before elections and after election shedding crocodile tears.
Why you are not showing the first part of the video where SUV is mowing down the farmers ?
Wt about bihar election....I support kisan heros
Farming bill go back go back
In the age of "godi media" it needs a lot of courage to speak against wrong.
After farmers protest: we don't support farmers. 
Government or any farmer producer organisation or agricultural co-operative society may
Farmer will still survive  , but thease so called citizens will be worst hit
its against future of farmers... initially it will look nice but latter they will be exploited by industries if a fixed price by govt will not be implemented.....it needs modification keeping in mind no exploitations of farmers in future...
Although u told about farmer side of the protest it's incomplete ......the people protesting are actually not farmers but middleman who take a lot of commissions which results in higher price than the farmer sells there goods.
I think this is a case of criminal conspiracy.  Section 120B under Indian Penal Code should also be added. Ajay Misra should also be arrested as a co-conspirator, as we see before Lakhimpur incidence Ajay Misra was giving firey speech, talking about strict action against farmers. So I think a nexus is there between father and son behind this action.
I come from an India where if I say anything against people demeaning my country, I'm called a bhakt.
One of the best coverage of farmers protest i have ever seen. Great work Samdish. Keep it on !
Thank god gov took back farm laws I really thought India was going to modernize in farming sector but then again it is India disappointment is the new normal
Yss this is right that ...no farmer no food...but ye channel bahut galat information bhej rha h.....becoz dhruv is against the rulling party
Modiji is god see the humble ness 
All culprits including Rakesh  Tiket should sue lroperly.
We Want Justice For Lakhimpur Kheri Farmers
Adani fortune the contract with farmer 
AAP MLA's & members are posting a lot of videos on this channel about BJP&INC's corruption but the problem is we don't have many followers on this platform. To increase the awareness level we must have to focus on increasing the subscribers of this channel. If we can comment on this channel, why can't we comment & request on other channels to subscribe AAP YT channel? If you agree with me then the main question that arises is how & where we can request others to subscribe to this channel. We can request to subscribe to this channel in different languages by sharing the link. We can target every news channel, political party channel, vlogs, etc. through an emotional & morally correct caption. This way we can help this party to grow across pan India. 
 Farmer lost their right by repealing this act!
  Congress Ruled State me already ye Law implement the ( Kerala me APMC hi nahi hai )
Zee news, Aaj Tak, ABP news sb Godi media hai... thanks for sharing this bro
I have seen many videos on YouTube explaining the farm law like water with all merits and demerits and read some pdfs also. But didn't got any proper video of the arguments of the perticular section of farmers as mentioned by Modiji. I think this things are purely political and far above good and bad. But this repealing will encourage many such protest in future may be more aggressively and violently.
Corporates will buy crops and store them. But Essential Commodities Act will stop them for storing crops for a long time as this will increase prices in the market.
Not Victory it is faliure for farmers
Support for these farmers from the UK 
You are tooo good. Thanks sir for support farmers .
If Trevor was there during slavery time, he would have taken sides with whites and supported slavery. Real farmers have been slaves to these middle men or agents who are striking. These middle men buy agricultural produce from small farmers in bulk and pay them peanuts. Then they sell in markets and realise more money and benefit all tax exemption given to the original farmers. And this loophole is plugged and real farmers can sell to whoever offers good price and sell to other states. No longer restricted to just one market. And will get to enjoy tax exemption currently enjoyed by the agent or middlemen. Now I understand why these guys are called fake news producers. Trevor supports slavery of small farmers. Fake news.
Narendra Modi has already embarked upon diverting Punjab water to other states. He wants to hit Sikhs harder than Indra Gandhi. 
Big marketing tactics, now elections are nearing, so ge will temporaryly halts, once elections are over and again this farms bill be implementation,  best example is andhra pradesh special category status, during state bifurcation in 2014 modi and BJP commited special category status to AP State, after winning they said as per CAG it is not feasibile to give special category status to andhra prdesh, a gain in 2019 election BJP starting talking on special category status, later after winning same scene repeat, so my final word is never ever trust modi and bjp
Those who are saying msp do you know about any economics ,price depends on supply & demand by putting msp you are saying buy this in that price  irrespective of demand ,no one will by their crops because there is more supply than demand they will have to throw this situation will be worse use your mind  ,change the crop according to demand .those farm bills was good giving more option,more market more demand ,but they refused it
What about the thousands of farmers died at the tikri, Singh u boarder give each of them 5 lakhs of rupee to per family.
This guy  cleverly highlighting  just only negative things . Earlier days telephone and internet is a luxury item. but after entering private companies you know  you know how the things have changed. Also Punjab, haryana , Maharashtra farmers already doing corporate farming I mean private forming with PesiCo since 2008.
You shud b shameful sir.. You shud have consulted farmers 600 plus sacrificed their life. If anything needs to done at least take them into confidence abhi ye natakbazi band karo no doubt you have taken great and historic decisions but this was crap literally blot
Last few  thing mr modi ji is right but will he fulfill his words hope he does
Whenever Arvind Kejriwal Speaks World Listens carefully...... BJP is ONLY Afraid of him because of his Indisputable Honesty, Dedication and Sincerity...  Arvind Kejriwal for PM
Please tell us what are those 3 bills.....how are they going to affect farmers....
Farmers are right..
Government's response has been fervently against repealing the laws, same as the farmers refuse to buckle. So the government is also maintaining peaceful resilience. Politics aside, no one has been harmed.
Actually we, the common people are the ones who have to protest. But the irony is that it is the farmers
Farmers protection bill also makes it necessary that that Contract with the farmer is with respect to crop produce and not the land to ensure land grabbing by the corporate! 
Congress bjp pimps but common man dies..
Please make more videos like this. We stand with our farmers and support them.
See, ithanu essential commodities amendment, still ee commodities nte price kooduvanel ee products thirich essential commodities listilek varum. 
why the media do not wish to debate the law? but crying for farmers?
Huge respect for farmers
Farmers need sympathetic hearing.   Swaminathan committee report is solution to problem.
If you will check with global agriculture thinkers (guys who support open markets), even they cant understand the logic of India exposing agriculture to pvt sector at this level. World over countries see agriculture as a strategic sector that requires management and controlled exposure to global vagaries. These laws dont support that. 
After 9 months farmers won 
People should vote modiji in next election n show this fool a lesson
HUMKO PM MODI KI ZAROORATH NAHI HAI #hecannothandleindia
What powers were controlling farmers protests we witnessed today..
These are not farmers. These are goons who are claiming they are farmers and this old man should be ashamed to defend this disgraceful and shameful act done by the 'farmers'.
In uk Canada farmers are paid well and looked after . There are no such laws .
Thank u so much sir ....jai jwan jai kisan .....go to hell Modi nd godi media ...sir aap ne sach me ek ek baat bht bdiya way se btaee hai ...sach me aisa hi hua tha meri family baithi rhi thi waha...proud of u sir ...lots of love 
I'm farmer, I have only 1.5 acres of land but I'm not protesting because I read the 3 farm bills and I know pros and cons of bills. It'll increase my income by double, actually it's already doubled I sold my first batch to private player.
My dear brother please keep going please help our farmers please my request to you iam a professor of physics my heartiest request please put many vedios in a day god bless you my brother
Because msp or apmc is beneficial for only Punjab and Haryana.
There is a symbolic incident during the Indian farmers protest on republic day
My dear first you understand bill properly "contract with farms means making live licences agreement contract with kisan on his land by private company's. Forexp: if company want tomato farmers has to grow tomatos only on his land and what ever price has has decided in agreement any how kisan has to sale to company at that price even if he gets good price in mandi he cant sale his products with anybody else. Even if gov says this clause is not on land its on "fashal" which is grown by kisan vice versa it means the same. Any how if kisan gets 5% advantage with this bill clause there is 95% of losses plz focuse on that. British time companies also used to do same thing. 
and taking statements  They should try to know how much the farmers which are protesting  know really about the bill. Some time before when the bill same bill was presented by akali it was good . And now its controversial . Parties are just using the fears of farmers .
So done with punjab farmer !!! We have seen how punjab and haryana farmers are !!
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectares /5-acre land.
If only small percentage give up farming india will grow up as nationa.
You dint show the so called farmers useing swords in the capital
Thank u for bringing issue of Indian farmers this government has become dictator even they can't digest a criticism which is the part of democracy
Drop pesticides and end up like Sri Lanka. Net importer of grain, with rising prices of base foodstuffs. If the traditional farming worked so well, why would there be famines?
@Write down guarantee MSP IN  Farm bill 2020 Every problem solved farmers will go back to Home as simple as that
Repeal Black law i support farmers wale kanha gye?
Priya Madam thanks for  farm bill review , if possible please also make video on offence related to women and children and which act are there to protect there right and what remedy are for them because these days crime against women and children happening all the time and the way you explain it made complicated laws simple to understand. thanks a lot for being so simple and easy to understandable for us.
What i think is , there should be totally separated organization for farmers , just like our law system is completely separated from the poltics.
Bill no. 1 - says any one can store any amount of ration.. for example someone having huge warehouse can store anything for example they stored onions and can potray that there no onion in market . Thus after that selling it at higher price later. For example , around 2-3 years, potates were almost sold for 1-2 ruppee for kg, now guess how much u bought it for?
Why are the richest farmers of India(Punjab) protesting while the farmer unions of South are happy  with the decision. Why it is seen as if agriculture or farming is  meant only for Punjab. Every state has farmers why only Punjabi farmers are doing the protests. If the whole Indian farmers are not satisfied then it is worthy to rethink about the farm laws, Not if some 5% of farmers (who are considered Rich, from data provided in above video) are not happy with the laws. My friends are  farmers of South and are happy with the laws. It is to be noted that MSP is Minimum Support Price, we feel this price is misunderstood as the price to be sold even though higher price might be acquired due to the Quality of the product.. Farmers selling their product outside before the laws are illegally doing becoz it fetches high price than the MSP at Mandis, now it is legal to sell outside Mandis which helps the economy of farmer..
This is not farmers
When the present day govt tried to reform the farm agro-industry and liberalize it, your western media supported the cause of protesting agro brokers and  criticised the govt so why this now
Farmers will not get any benefits. Middlemen and corporates will benefit by keeping the prices at 49% and 99% for non perishable and perishable items.
Thanks for the excellent explanation, one query please  - why farmer leaders openly  saying that they can still sell their yield to any private buyer anywhere within the country even without these bills ?
Punjab is not the bread basket of india
We Punjabis are filled with love, thank you Hindu muslim brothers for standing with us.. lets make India united and great again
And with removal of commodities from list, many producers instead of going for water intensive crops like wheat, sugar cane and rice in fields of Punjab, Haryana will resort to different crops.
one can not go to court against anti farmers law....what a slap on face of policeman by this sikh
And india is poor farmers country. 
I stand with the farmers.. respect from canada
I feel that this agriculture reformed bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Cannot believe.  Example AP only. No special status,  no polavaram, no amaravathi, no deficit budget.  Kill andhra pradesh development gang head is bjp PM Modi. Why comparing with previous government,  they were thrown out because they have not done, compare yourself with developed countries like America, japan, Germany.
I study in high school and I am so shocked to know that my civics teachers says that our media is free even I debate with him always he still always ignores me. He always appreciate bjp government and one day he told us that the petrol prices are high because the Indian gdp had fallen down I literally laughed at him.
Salute to our farmers of Punjab and all India
Respected Modiji, you no need to say sorry. You are our PM, our global leader who took India to next level in global scenarios. If few people don't understand even after 2yrs of their benefit on many important things, sometimes it's better leave them to their course.. their karma is their fate... You move on! Thank you for all care and responsibilities you have been handling since 2014..
Farmers will benefit from contract farming as production has to increase in the future as the population of India increases.
Justice  for farmer
Correct farmers were treated as enemies.
Protest is being purely ran by middlemen and opposing parties by giving false info to small innocent farmers. Alot of money is earned by middlemen of pubjab just from commissions(around 30-50 lacs) and small farmers get duped. Its all about money and power to some individuals. The biggest problem they have is these laws give same power to every farmer.
Well Farmers can rejoice and stay with colonial laws. Bravo vote bank and foreign funding.
We support this bill. Bcz now farmers can sell their products directly to private companies so they can decide their products price on their own, not get a price of minimum wage which government decided bcz APMC (mandi) are getting tax from farmers.... Nd lots of corruption.... Now it will reduce too....
*farmer empowerment
Dignity of farmers: farmers should be recognised by who they are and not what they give. Farmers can be dying to get out of contract arrangements where they're not given concrete leverage and can be left with little energy to diversify their production.
It is time for a farmer's revolution in India
Thanks for supporting our farmers 
Power of farmer
Farmers being misguided and now the peaceful protest has really become peaceful.... These bills will provide better opportunities for farmers...and really it's just Punjab and Haryana farmers being misguided.. hardly 15% of farmers in India..rest all supports these bill.. If you think there isn't a communist hand behind this.. you must be blind by your brain
so the law now frees farmers from mandis and allows farmers to explore more options to sell crops with Minimum Selling price still in play  yet this affect farmers ? How ? these protest are overtaken by non social elements ...
Yes farmers are bound to move out. 
No subscribe no IPL ....sound like future of farmer bill
2) security and aid for farmers for redressal of contractual dispute
Punjab and Haryana society hempring too much due to farmar bill that's why they are oppsosing.
China has to system of no private land ownership so farmers don't own land. Government gives them land on 75 year or 99 year lease. I have heard that if children of the farmer get a good job, then land is not renewed to them and it's renewed to a landless farmer (to be verified). It's enabled China to outperform India in farming in every aspect.
I support farmer. For they feed my stomach and my family 
This channel against modi gogv
Its my understanding, if its true then why farmers r protesting? Its just an optional law.
This journalist is curropt , he smartly didn't show the real video where a car was crashing over farmers ...
This is how rich Millionaire farmers won. And a democratically elected govt lost which cared for marginalised farmers.
Bjp supporters should protest to bring back the bills 
Why there is Mandi in Hariyana and Punjab.
My head sir is saying go to learn farm bill and tell me. What is farm bill
Mam farmers protest ka bs itne reasons h
The farmers are totally brain washed..!! 
Main accused isn't arrested yet but who demanded arrest of him are arrested and being put in locker. Wah yogi ji wah.
 BEST ever explanation on YT about FARM Bill and also about MONOPOLIZATION of TAXI industry by OLA & UBER -->  how it may be linked to Agriculture as well - Worth spending 30 min , if U R interested 
In states like Punjab and Haryana, political parties principal source of income is from the honey extracted through APMCs. that is why the bulk of the agitators are from Punjab.
Tv per byth k gappe chodna assan hai. M haryana se hu hmare yha baag boht logo me lagaye sabne khatam kar diye kmayi nhi hui. Khar kha se chalega.  Pehle govt ko school fes pe baat karni chahiye bache kisan b ache school me bhejna chahta hai. Khar k kharche b hai  parivar ko b khana dena hai.  Gaape chod dene se pet nhi bharega.
How r u small farmer when u can afford such vehicles. My family does not own or have ever owned a car. Imagine the pain we feel when we see these so called farmers protesting in the name of small farmers. These r fske farmers. These laws will hurt their monopoly by allowing every fatmer big or small an level playing field. Hence the protest.
It is finally done. Good to hear that govt is taking back farm laws and it is necessary to pass a bill for MSP making it legal. But burning stubble should be illegal and no MSP for farmer burning crops and please no subsidy for electricity and urea. Also govt should reduce taxes on diesel and petrol.
For example pepsi makes contract farming with punjabs farmers. When market price is high company has no problem but when market price is low company told to farmer your grain quality is poor and he is not acepting.
5. Actually, indiayil farmers alla mandi marketil poyi vikkunnath.. you can't see farmers in mandi market.. farming start cheyyumbo some guys with money and political power entire crops vangum.. at lower price, avarnau price control cheyyunntha.. 
Do you think these people are educated they get manipulated by the opposition and start protesting and every other state is welcoming these laws except Punjab because most of them are unemployed and has a personal grudge towards India
*Demolition Adhani storages which builds during farmers movement*
If storage will go in hand of rich people , then middle n poor class will be slave of them n farmers Will be tool of rich.
I was really confused about the reason behind the farmers protest... Now I understood why..... Thank you so much...
Stand with farmers who providing you food.
#FarmerProtests 
Let me go into one area - Essential commodity (amendment) act. As per you the middle man (corporate) will give higher price to the farmer for the perishable items. BTW, as the large corporates have the resouces to creating storage facility (which in current laws are to be built by Govt.) they will be able to create the monoply or cartel (there is no law in which pevents this in India in the agricultural sector) on procurement, the farmer will be desperate to sell as they do not have the warehouse facility and if they do not sell today at the price offered by the corporate then tomorrow they get Zero. Thus the farmer gets a raw deal. Now this corporate who has the storage facility hoards the goods and releases them slowly in the market, maximising the profits, the consumer has to pay higher prices.
I once met a farmer from Punjab who had a jaguar and almost all his land to him, they aren't poor. They're probably the riches sector of Punjabi society there is. Come down south if you want to see poor farmers. Have some shame.
Why I am in very much okay with the bills is due to the attitude of the government and their idea is generally to introduce bills first and then see what problems they face and fix or amend them as soon as possible hence why GST is now stabilized. 
Then why this freedom is not given to farmers...??
My great salutes to Incredible Indian farmers. Thanks q so much with my humble regards. I highly obliged to all of you.
No farmers no food , simple how long we people live on flesh or meat.  
Victory for democracy but a huge loss for the farmers , if we take decisions  with good intentions , one should not worry about the outcomes.
If Indian governments increased the price for crops it increases the disposable income with in the country  as it is all ready a tiger economy and has an ever more  affluent population that could afford it this would turbo charge  its economy
save farmers save country 
May be you can explain farmer bill more so that everyone can understand.
1. MSP (Minimum Support Price) is still intact and farmers can now sell to private players at any price (free market), or at the base MSP that does not change.
Real Picture not show protest for farmer problem channel
I support farmers  
I am farmer  only foolish people saying thats laws are reforms. Its black laws
I hope with new farm bills and with entry of private players we start consuming crops beneficial for our health and go back  to eat millets barley etc. instead of wheat.
Around 70% of the rural India depends primarily on agriculture for their livelihood, of which 80 % of farmers being small and marginal. 
4. Can any external third party (not political party) affect or control the prices at which products are traded at APMC?
We are disappointed Modiji. Just because of some position mongering leaders, mislead farmers and fake farmers (of 2-3 states) the farmers of the entire country have to bear the brunt for god knows how many years. Wah, ab samaj mein aaya ki, uttar Bharat ki rajneeti mein desh aage kyon nahi badega.
These are the three farm laws in a nutshell, the agitation is basically against change and also due the fear that middle men would be squeezed out if farmer has direct and open access to markets
It was ongoing for months, why Indian govt didn't solve the issue rather than playing stubborn and ignorant? One cannot blame entirely the farmers.
If you ate today please respect farmer.
Edit : Massive respect to our farmers. They have shown as what's the real meaning of Desh Bhakt and Democracy
- the basic economics tells us that agriculture isn't a rewarding occupation(since there is little value addition, you need food but how much is your food expenses of your total income; you're likely to crave an expensive phone or car which are highly value added products and not linked to agricultural commodities as raw material); For this developed countries give income support while India provides MSP (the latter is a production linked subsidy that is a big no-no at WTO while former is not, thus PM KISAN but that only gives 6k per year). 
The progressive Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) that has just come to power in the State has a unique opportunity to impact farming across India. Show the Nation what ecological aware modern farming can accomplish
My heart is with my farmer brothers because I am also a farmer and I am also a Punjabi of course I am from Pakistan. But I grew up on the same soil that belongs to PUNJAB.
Still people in Lakhimpur voted for BJP
Indian spoke person is misrepresenting fact because govt had asked farmers to protest in radha swami ground as soon as farmers had reached at delhi borders in November.
#Respect big love for farmers #punjab 
so just imagine i give millions of dollars/rupees to a farmer in easy loans at 0% intrest but he has to return me so now the farmer invests in that kind of machinery and lands and warehouse so now that famer will sell it the same price ?  or will he not increase his/her own price since now he/her has to cover the investments too??
He is saying right everything is right do something for the farmers 
so just like jio gave data for free initially. And still give data at a minimum rate. they systematically distroyed the economic foundation of telecom sector and now hold monopoly.. after a few more years .. they will charge what ever you want and will give a sub standard service.. which has already started.. eg if farmer 1 don't know what farmer 2 is selling at the price discovery is in the had of buyers not sellers.. 
Just a fact :- 86% of the farmer organization in india want this black laws.
Feeling sad for Rakesh Tikait and Andolan Jeevi Yogendra Yadav political ambitions now
When did you fix your 250 million farmers to 10s of 1000s of farmers man 
Lol. These are some radical reforms which are a must for India. The same reforms have been suggested by many expert committees over the decades. Even the opposition parties have tried to bring the same reforms but couldn't muster courage. Now all of a sudden these reforms became anti farmer?
3. Will Drive up investment in supply chain - eg. Investment in cold storage - 35-40% wastage due to lack of storage facilities and cost around 35000 cr to farmers
I am not with congress. Why Farmers bill protest in Punjab not in other states. Because  is Punjab only congress majority.
Actually still I don't understand the exact issues but I want the government emphasised on farmers
The new laws gives option to farmers to sell their produce outside agri market ALSO, pissing off the middlemen. Outrageous farmers are gullible, with opposition and middlemen spreading misinformation. I support 3 farm acts. Being an well informed farmer from rajasthan
Modi ji my salute to you. Your humbleness will win one day. God bless you.
3. to help small farmers with permanent and effective infrastructure of food storage
These Bills are good in theory but could be a disaster in reality (agreed). But then you go on tell the current regulation and scenario in theory and miss the implementation of them, the APMC and MSP implementation, which I would like to highlight
shame on India media and government, we feel the same India Farmer.  from Myanmar.
removal of items from Essential Commodities list serves one more benefit: INVESTMENT IN COLD STORAGE will increase and FOOD WASTAGE WILL COME DOWN!! as per TOI's 2013 report, INDIA'S WHEAT WASTAGE (21 MILLION TONNES per year ) IS EQUIVALENT TO AUSTRALIA'S ENTIRE WHEAT PRODUCTION...!!!! this is unacceptable in a country where millions still go to bed hungry.
On the longer run,  after the big players take over all the market by entering in contracts with farmers, once the mandi system is dead,
Kishan itney hi bhole bhaley the toh bjp ke workers kaise mare.
Delhi stands with farmers.
The man who drove car over  the  farmers was the son of the minister
Also many of these protestors are mandi owners rather than farmers themselves.. i feel these reforms makes farming competitive, if we address few of the shortcoming.. MSP existance is one of them..
Ravish Kumar and kisan Union
So the farmers were absolutely right... The question is if the govt really cared about the farmers what was so difficult in making the MSP mandatory? Bcz the farm laws did have some good features but for just this one loophole the govt let it all go and repealed the laws
What you say about  4 man that killed by farmer
Farmers protest is a new revolution and they can change total structure of indian politics
It's ironic that all those who chant democracy all the time show support to protest done by minority. Farmer's protest in India is mainly done by farmers of 2 state, so when did farmer's of all India start protesting??
Farmers are fighting for all of us.....do pray for them.....they should get their rights
Police will pee in their pants if the farmers pick up the weapon.
interesting informative video. well done. But at one point how tactfully you mentioned (and therefore commented on ) opposition's stand on this bills. u mentioned their name 'congress' and didnt mention ruling party's name anywhere. this itself shows your biases (at least where you lean). this argument, that at one point they wanted to get the same bill is questionable. is it the same draft of the bill? See I am not saying they were perfect. But I hope you understand what a opposition can do (or should be doing) and they are the largest opposition we have. Guys, you also tactfully didnt mention why these protests are prolonged. the only reason is the govt is not ready to listen and amend the bills. hence the protest. But somewhere I feel you know this and decided not to talk about it. anyways, as you said, in the loud noise you tend to not hear your own voice. I appreciate if you dont use this tactic. 
Rakesh tikait will be best farmer of Indian...let's make him next PM..HAPPY
All Muslim And Sikh together Nd kikout Modi form India
8.Till now no licenses issues, farmers have no idea where to sell how to sell their produce, this seasons crops are already ready for sale..... Making this implementation a hotch potch by govt without proper planning n testing... 
Everything have a positive and negative side.. but this bills do support farmers in some ways.. and there is no law in  which only have a positive side.. but VOX didn't talked about that in farms bills(positives).. previously I have a true respect on VOX.
My father also farmer nothing wrong in these bills
Correction: Bihar closed mandi system. But it is a poor part of the country. So government sells surplus at extremely low cost, so market prices stay low and local farmers stay poor.
Country is not only of punjab and haryana! This law was beneficial for poor  farmers in up and bihar and all other states.
They have to listen farmers 
AND, this protest is ONLY FROM 2 STATES of INDIA, Punjab and Haryana. These protests are funded by SEPARATIST MOVEMENTS from Punjabi in Canada, US and UK.
If u want to know about farmer meet them in real life
Doing Good work #istandwithfarmers
A sane opinion by farmers. Excited leaders of hindutva should learn from this.
Modi is a genius at winning elections, but shits the bed in governance.
So earlier the farmers used to grow a variety of crops but then due to the rest of India starving they had to grow only wheat and rice as they were subsidized by the government but this step proved to be a kind of trap for them as they were ow limited to only two crops and both being water and fertilizer intensive which overall gave cancer to them and also deteriorated the condition of the soil. Also, the fact that most of the Punjab is going to become a desert in the next 25 years is a disturbing fact.
violance word is missleading , it was murder of farmers , reporter is creating mischief
Hope our policy makers listen to you on this topic once. And also you get opportunity to explain to many farmers about this. Had asked many people including educated farmers about these issues, no one could explain clearly unbiased. Thanks. You not only made it clear but also highlighted the imitations.
Excellent video. Two points: 1. Contract farming could still be exploitive as the farmer bears the risk of reduced production and yet selling at lower than market price. During surplus production, 'quality' clause is loophole that could be exploited by the buyers to avoid buying all the produce the farmer makes. 2. The lack of legal validity of MSP was supposed to be counterbalanced by a govt buyer, the Food Corporation of India which is assured to be outside Cartals because it is not a private entity. The concept of Govt owned corporation to break monopolies or cartels is used in some countries eg France and is anathema in others eg USA. India belonged to former group with companies like BSNL, FCI, AI etc existing to prevent monopoly and cartelization. The current govt seems  ideologically inclined towards dismantling this model.
I am from a small village  I think this bill is also good for farmers 
very very informative...today my farm bill concept is clear... thank u veryyyyyy muchh...
Jai  kisan jai kisan andolan.  I appreciate the ideology of congress. I shall continue to vote for and support congress.
If government ensures that there will be MSPs for buying agricultural output by private players and also may formulate regulations that there will be no creation of artificial scarcity by the private players and also government must maintain stock for hard times then I will support the bill. And also as Abhi told in his video that  only 6% of farmers get MSPs so that the remaining farmers too won't get exploited by the private players and one last point MSPs for private players should be slightly less to motivate the private players
People who hardly know anything about India, including the farm laws are raising their voices as if its gonna change anything. 
Delhi celebrating khalistan independence day. Lomg live khalistan. Jay modi jay rss jay hindutwa. Yes new republic day, the khalistsn day.
1. How these self proclaimed poor farmers of Punjab and Haryana afford to not work for  almost 3 months now and still continuing the protest?
Government must stop the purchase of wheat and rice from farmers. 
Ek kaam kro buy some land in Punjab or Haryana do farming for 6months and you will understand the  meaning of ground reality..!
Stand with our farmers .
Very unfortunate that the only chance of improving the farmers life .....if Modiji can't do it,then there is no other hope....
all i can see is farmers peacfully driving  tractors on the road. always support the rebelions
After understanding this I feel that not only farmers everyone should protest against this..
How many of these people go to farmers market i wonder...hypocrites
Now who will decide the National Intereat National Interest will be at stake due to WTO.  And  why should farmers suffer from WTO
3) If govt or private company with turnover over 1 crore buys the crops from farmer then they have to make a DBT to his account. Cash could be accepted at lower level purchase. 
Even if the intentions of the government are good, in the future, lets say after 5 or 10 years the rich corporates might start taking benefits and leave the farmers hanging in the middle.
Indian government is saying these poor farmers are anti nationals
Currently APMC's decide the market rate of goods produced and isnt it amazing that even in 2020 there is no free trade allowed in farming sector . Stop this bullshit of something might wrong happen... APMCs and MSP will be there if farmers dont want to sell their good to private sector.In current scenario , MSP means maximum support price because farmers are not allowed to sell it anywhere else but APMC , unless there are alternate buyers how can minimum supportive price be effective???? its like monopoly .APMC also charge around 10% tax to farmers ,keep 2% n 8% goes to govt . thats why these middle man are protesting not ACTUAL FARMERS . so please stop spewing shit .
Abb maen yeh dono points sabhi ko forward kr rha hoon , lekin abhi ek farm bill baki hae jiske flaws madam jitne achge se toh nhi lekin maen explain jroor kroga next comment maen , jisne yeh comment pda orr third bill k flaws janna chahta hae woh next comment ko read krle ....kyuki jusne yeh comment poora pda woh doosra bhi pdd lega
Why dont you show the crushing of farmer by car
Why are people saying that these reforms were passed without any consultations. These farm bills were pending since the UPA government in 2013.
Farmers should stop the supply of goods and manufacturing food then entire india will stand against this bill
Modiji is a lion he has brought the nation to dignity which was ruled by the foxes for 60 years and is trying the same tactics to get power
2. Indians hereknow that the protesters were primarily land owners from a community protesting against the removal of their role as systemic intermediaries that ate into farmer's margins.
China had MSP for only 4 commodities. China stopped buying produce at MSP for Wheat and Paddy in year 2016.     
Hence, in my opinion, the demand to make MSP legal is not justified, as it is not feasible to implement a fair MSP. Instead, extra emphasis needs to go to all the numerous startups and companies, which are trying to empower the farmers to get a good price from a free market.
punjab state of india is already passed an ordinance also by which all such reforms of central govt. can't implemented in punjab state,
Double speak is Forte of Administrative service. Good example of same at the end.  Same person criticized the Farmer's bill. Now talking like advocate of reforms.
Modi BJP Government Biggest Failure in All Policies.
Plz ask her wether she's a farmer.
BC the parents of farm families like us were preferring private jobs over agriculture just because of no freedom of selling and no private player in the Agriculture. If at all Dalari interferes, he will loot us. But, we got a hope with those bills and trying to go back for agriculture but central government cheated us for Khalistanis. Please study how agriculture is in the european countries. Kahan se laate hon itna hypocrisy. I always used to say that, these three laws are not the historic and needs more improvement in farm laws and I thought it is a start in farm reforms with three bills. If you hate modi, hate him, hate BJP why are playing with the lives of Farmers. Humko Anna datha bolthe hain. You are the worst form of Modern education output.
Intelligent farmer, current regime never expected this. Keep it up proud of you!
Government has done the right thing by not arresting him, wait for few days, the moment this agitation is diffused, Modi and Yogi will teach him a lesson of life time.
Those say why are there more Sikhs in these protests becoz The Green Revolution started from this Region which made India self-sufficient in food + Punjab, Haryana and UP organisations are well informed, they have Lawyers, Judges and Doctors in their cadre. They know exactly what are these laws. They are very clear about the laws , The only confused case of India is the Government and some stupid people of India who thinks Modi will do everything good for them. Modi didn't do good for his own state's farmers. Cotton was procured for Gujarati farmers at 1300 in Manmohan Singh govt in 2013 and in 2020 its price was 700. Thats what Modi is doing to Farmers.
Madam your study is limited , can u tel who will decide price in new bill (As there no MSP ) ? What guarantee  that private company will not exploits farmers? For your knowledge in developing countries where private farmer income is decline over last few years. Lastly agriculture is state subject. Do more homework
The regulations give farmers option to sell their produce as per contract with the corporates...
Very good but ask her to study why bhindrawala poster is there, why khalistani supporter are there, is khalistan have any place in India???
Though i dont get any direct benefit from Modi ji govt. i still love him and wish for his good health and long live.
Only a farmer knows how difficult it is to sell crops in the Mandi because of the interference of the middlemen.....
International media keeps their audience dumb on Indian issues by pointing to unpretty bits in an attempt to smear the whole picture, and granted India has alot of unpretty bits. But the truth is India needs Labour Reform, Land Reform, Farm Reform & Income Tax reform among other things, and it needs them to happen yesterday. All our political parties have these reforms in their election manifesto but they don't legislate them into law once they are in power. Those that do try to legislate are strong armed into submission by special interest groups and the opposition - this is bad politics, it wins and everyone plays it.
and even if we bring MSP it does not stop big companies to exploit consumer and farmers because they can still lower there price in phase 1,2.
We are farmers. We are sons of this soil.
This is a big win for farmers and also for our country and democracy!!!
i am literally crying as i thought it would change something,but ultimately modi had to put his partys interest at center and nations interests on the sidelines,this shows now bjp is just like others as it thought about itself,it didnt have the guts to take the chance to loose govt for the nation
Private company will be captured later ...kisan has no obtion hence AP Mandi should be existence
Few things need mending in this but overall these ordinances are very good for the farmers 
Farmers can't go to court for such a bad bill but chutia Arnab can go.
You didn't explained everything and just skip to those points which are against the farmers to be away from trolls .
I support the farmers' protests. May God bless these farmers.
7.who will decide the terms and conditions of contract, farmers or company.
Stupid farmers thought the bill oppressed them, and now they're left suffering by wholesalers
Congratulations to all farmers.
For example,  although you know how to make roti ir pizza, you cannot come to market, sell for profit. Ultimately,  you will look for a job in pizzahut. Imagine same for farmers- currently,  they are owners and not a slave. 
2. In second bill , there is choice for farmer to sell directly. The APMC and map is still there..so where is the question of government getting out of agriculture market? Again more beneficial to farmer.
Please don't spread fake news there is clause in bill that if price rises buyer has to give some percentage of his profit to farmer
More power to our farmers 
the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods. After 2010
When one farmer reply to police officer farmer bill is covid for us.. Poor farmers are suffering in India... India is a krishi pradhan country but farmers are in worst condition... 
When Rao introduced liberalisation and end of licence raj in 1992, communists made exactly similar protests. All our companies will be swallowed by foreign MNCs ; all of us will become slaves of private sector. What happened? Monopoly of BSNL and AirIndia ended. Telephone bills came down. We got better service and cheaper air tickets through competition. Instead of MNCs buying our companies, our private industrialists went around the world and started buying companies. So please dont underestimate our farmers. Please save them from middlemen and politicians. Middlemen are the same old zamindars. The real farmer is the poor migrant workers from other states working in Punjab,.They are not even getting minimum wages and living in appalling conditions. Alas, there is no body to talk for them because they have no money. When mobile phones came, thousands of STD booth owners lost their livelihood. Will you say mobile should not have been allowed as thousands lost  their jobs? When computers and tractors were introduced the same type of protests were made by leftists. 
Whether this person had gone through the bills? What he knows about the bills?? Common public use to travel by buses, railways etc.  When you block highways, railways etc it means you are blocking general public and harassing, troubling them frequently.  So general public is against these so called agitators and their agitation. These agitations are harmful for the general public and the nation.
I salute the farmers who stood firm against the govt, the media and bhakts who were trying to discredit them in every way. They braved all difficulties and showed how a united people can topple the govt. I feel sorry for the loss of lives of hundreds of farmers.
When they've been repealed, congress is saying something else.
Kudos to the peaceful n successful farmers' movement.God Bless All. Jai Jawan,Jai Kisan,Jai Hind.
Competition se dar q rhe  ho ap farmers..apko to moka mil rha  ki manufacturing se employer tak ap farmers hogey
Modi ka election card hain yeh
#Farmers Protest...
Remember remember: No party nor any individual is bigger than this nation..!! #supportfarmers #supportIndia
Nearly, after One year of the Farmer's Protest wherein lot of farmers lost their lives to the arrogant and oppressing dictate of the BJP Govt, suffering and braving all odds with determination to fight for their rights, ATLAST the PM has woke up to repeal the three farm laws but that too only during the winter session. 
Goverment is not removing APMC, the Farmers can still go to the mandis
The opposition job is to say against the ruling party no matter what. Bjp did exactly what was mention in the Congress manifesto2019. 
He did it for elections. BJP was reduced to nothing in Punjab. Now, they may get a seat or two. Farmers feared the big private companies. Companies always do business for their own profit. Farmers arent idiots. People think they know better that farmers themselves?
they can force farmers to sell at min price  ex they buy them at 32 and show they buy at 40 they can do this in first case they will sell at 47.68 for 32 and for 40 one they sell them at 60 and after holding for some time then can sell at 79.56 it is still less then 50% something its crazy  operatives make a profit of 47.56 and still farmers price is 32 and we all know they won't  get that much price for bulk 
Farmer are protest from last 5 months but government stil silent
Cunning move taken by BJP with the upcoming UP elections  in mind. Dangerous party for all the working class people. We should teach them a lesson in the elections like southern states TN and Kerala
2. Price shocks are eased by stocking capacity, market efficiency, and trading in a larger market(all india instead of state, all world instead of all india)
FYI.. Those who come from UP /Bihar are not farmers but labourers. Same like how Indians go to abroad -USA/Canada/Aus as labourers
Thanks NDTV for covering PUNJAB.  I request everyone to stand with the farmers 
Pakistan always supported you and will continue to support you likewise ever.
This bill can benefits the farmers but farmers but kyi farmers  to jaante hi ni
Well indian farmers are still poor so some revolution is still needed .
Hello! The video was great! I am actually doing a project on farm bills. It would be great if you could please tell me where can I find the original video clip from  2:29 .
4 wasted is on farmers
The way these farm laws were passed in Rajya sabha was a black mark in the constitutional history of India.
Can you explain the  explain the actual points of farmers
Gov can store Essential commodities but not private players hence msp ll remain intact.
Modi ji's has only harmony that is with peacock.
Poor farmers eventually got succeeded their passionate  efforts against the Law has set an example for other who are struggling for their rights congratulations to farmers and their supporters and sympathisers
Stay away from farmers. Keep your suggestions with you. We dont want your reforms
police who is talking about covid restrictions how did they allow election rallies in bihar and how are they assembling there in large numbers to restrict farmers ...
24. The new law does not put a stop to MSP. Infact the Government will continue to support the farmers during crisis with MSP.
Farmers are 100%right
Support farmers 
No Farmers No Food No Lives
Thank you farmers showing us atleast some light in the current state of absolute darkness.
They are not farmers stop calling them farmers.
no one have patiens like the farmer..
Three Farm Bills that are bond of contention:
This only gives confidence to so called farmers and motivates them to continue protests regarding other issues.
AVIK SAHA ZINDABAD..... farmers  spoke in  the  language  ,  that  the   BJP   govt   understands .....that's  all !...it was not violence at all !
Animal Dung n Urine is vital supplement for Physical n Mental health of 600 crore Voters. So Farming is the least important for Indians.
Amid corona a lots of things happened and it still be going on so why they are pointing only this farmers protest.,farmers are the backbone of the Indian economy... Why the government come forward and listen to them.
If the value of tomatoes increased in market then farmers has to gain their money according to contact right 
Not even trying to understand the problem of farmers, how much can Modi Fall, and just today they showed us, on news that the agriculture is booming in india, huh....yah... you think that would work hah.
99% people in this video are with farmers . That is the positive thing
If you look embroideries from behind you will see all messy things but if you see the other side you will see a beautiful art. India is a great democracy. If there is a problem we have efficient mechanism to handle it. I myself is a farmer and not a supporter of the current ruling party but I have faith in indian democracy. The issue will be resolve by Indians. We don't need any outsider to sympathise us.
Either farming is regulated or not, the one and only getting screwed are the farmers. If government intervenes, special interests thrive through selective licensing. If it is a free market, capitalist succeed and monopolize the market. Either or it is a lose, lose situation for both farmers and consumers. The only option you have is choosing between the lesser evil.
Meanwhile Indian sellout Godi media be like : Why is the opposition misleading the farmers against supreme commander Modi !?
Although he is giving in to this greedy middle man farmer's... He will do what is best for Barath... Long live Barath... Jai Hind.. Vande Mataram
I hate farmers 
Banda to sahi hai .....Modi jindabaad . we have lost information war. that's it. The same wrong information spreaded at the time of CAA.
If i say against yogi like yogi ji sarkari school me bchho ko namak ke roti khani pd rhi hai... Ya fir yu khu ki yogi gi aap ache bckground se nhi ho... . Definitely UP police come to me... Without any warrant and arrest me out of the law....that the way of work by UP POLICE...
I come from an India where if I support the ruling party I'm considered to be a bhakt, but if I support the opposition party I'm considered to be an activist.
MSP was not only supported price but also it gives money for buying small things like agriculture equipment and fertilizer keep running. Where private companies never keep on their minds because their holy grail is profit.
Bro needs to also tell how much is the MSP in comparison to global prices of the vegetables
Modi is  good  actor  in Indian film industry ,,,   ,who says Modi can't change and play the roll,, Modi's acting killed a lot of people that"s why he become a , I want to present him Padmashree, cool
Minimum support price has often been lower than what it should be and mostly results in loss for the farmers. 
Irony is that National media is ignoring this topic and issue like as they get all food and crops  from Zimbabwe  and our country doesnt even have Farmers and Labour people
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!..
Let them live in a gutter if they want, it was said by rajeev Gandhi to mohammad arif khan for muslim on shah bano case, now i want to say to the every farmers, i didn't get a point, while 1000 farmer were doing suicide in old system, then how it could be a better system...
The main thing is the msp and u guys talked over it like 1 min in 11 min vdo...let me explain.  As soon as companies with pay 1000 rs as compared to 100 rs what middleman pays .  All farmers will shit to big companies till the time middle go business less n find another job ....at this point u only have 3rd party buyers who don't follow msp ..not they ll pay the farmers 50 rs and guess what that's there right to pay any least amt....and I bet these giant company can store enough stock to supply when the farmers suffer high farming cost and just ignore the farmer. ...points r simple
Long live Unity like this in India. God bless our farmers. Thank you BBC for sharing and showing what Godi media isnt showing.
Good presentation but that doesn't mean it's correct. I don't know why Vox is involved in this type of partial reporting, possibly by either depending only on information given to them or got paid for it.  They should know that the people who are protesting are always against the current government regardless of their policies good or bad.  Organizing a crowd of 100,000 people is not difficult in India, no matter what the issue is, if you take good care of them. Vox should better know this local politics before get into this half baked reporting. I am unsubscribing the channel.
Proud of the farmer brothers and sisters.
This is actually not accurate but most news is distorted by the time it reaches abroad. This bill will actually weaken the corrupted middlemen regulating agriculture markets and monopolizing the agricultural trade. It is also worth questioning why only the farmers from the Punjab state of India have a problem with the bill. This state has the richest farmers in India, while the farmers from other states like Maharashtra comit suicides every year because of poverty. In no other state of India is farming a rich lucrative profession. They are also being funded by groups that have called for seperation of Punjab / Khalistan from India for decades. The majority of protestors are not farmers themselves but their parents and grandparents, who are litterally being fed expensive food on a daily basis. So they literally have no incentive to go back to work and take care of their farms. And lastly these guys are refusing to talk to the Government to negotiate. They just want this bill to be removed. There is something very fishy about these protestors.
I don't know what is right or its getting quite difficult to understand about this bill it's right r wrong but in INDIA every day 40% of food is wasted without even using it. hungers rate increasing day by day . So I don't think so what ever the rules we had till are not much use full
Lol... He is still not agreeing this law was in no way favouring farmer and the blatant lie that he was ready for ammendment when two most important point were ignored in so called "repetitive talk" sessions held with farmer
Modiji i respect you soo much but due to this opposition parties and rakesh tikait they were not allowing a country to develop
Finally someone talking about the injustice done to the farmers in India.
1. Essential commodities be restored 2. Minimum price ensured and implement..
Farmer zindabad pls  I request all farmer pls don't trust this man he his  a big lier Now he know BJP will b no more in country
We know what you have done and why you have taken this decision also.  Around 700 farmers lost their life unnecessarily.Elections are coming in some states, I appeal all Indians to think before they vote. Don't forget that your vote is going to decide the future of this country. 
All these so called Book scholars & Kagzi reformers should spend some time with real farmers on the ground level right from Sowing, weeding out, irrigation (specially at night), harvesting, and finally at grain market. Then they should give their perceptions & feed back. Talk is easy than reality.
Also companies will try to sell these bought and stored crops to another countries for maximum profit as this bill doesn't state anything regarding this matter in coming times people of india can face lack of food
I support the farmers 1,000%, you guys keep fighting never give up until you get what you want you have a right to what you want and you have a right to be treated and paid fairly farm work is back breaking hard work everyday 24 hours a day so I just want everyone to know that I support the farmers and the USA support the farmers
Try to do good for fools they drag you down with'em, you let the foolishness teach them the lesson they were too stubborn to learn. Let these farmers stay in poverty and controlled by the middle man. 
Madam se koi poochhega ki saare farmers kya isi crop reason ke wajah se suicide kiye the ??
farmer are very hard worker they do not let down modi have do back and farmer make history.
When no farmer wants their kids to take up farming, and when the current generation of farmers is gone, shall we chew on plastic, or synthetic meat, or the toxic food-like substances manufactured by these mammoth multinational corporations?
Real culture of India with real Indian, this video made me emotional and remind us of our freedom fighters. It's our good luck to have this type of farmers who always protect us from all the evils and wrong thing.
Indian farms are mostly owned by poor families & managed by family members themselves. In contrast, U.S. farms are owned by rich business corporations & managed by specialized manpower.~
good job farmers, you stood against modis fascism. india will remember your struggle
Idiots supported, played in the hand of anti national elements. Nation and small majority kisans are the looser. Modi and BJP is not at all looser. They are politician and will take it in their stride. 
0.1% of Farmers know this, but they are protesting.
The Punjab and surrounding provinces should try to get independent from India.  Then you can control the prices to make up you much richer than the rest.  An example is California USA that although it is famous of the high tech industry, Hollywood etc, its agriculture makes a big portion of the GDP.
Modiji after seeing farmer protest going for a year
I wish the National media and the investigation agencies would have taken action against Adani for the tons of heroine that was found in Adani's port in Gujarat. Why is justice not being served equally for all regardless of someones social and financial status.. Respect to NDTV and other real reporters who dares and has a conscious to ask questions against the  recent Heroine recovery at Adani's port.
Indian government must have to give rights to farmers for controlling the unrest situation in country.
Wrong news, farmers are not required to only sell in mandis whereas farmers without the bill already can sell their produce anywhere they wan!, Plz correct me if am wrong
As a white dude thats grown up in Surrey,BC my whole life and been immersed in Indian culture via friends growing up and just having a large Indian population around me, I genuinely hope that an honest and peaceful agreement comes to fruition. The loopholes will be used against the people. Thats how government works.
Its not only farmers,  it effects to whole janta, plz try to understand
Why don't people are understanding  that this law is not only  sikh or Punjab specific  but is for whole  nation 
State government should provide MSP/MPP(min purchase price) for all crops grown in their region or they should list out minimum purchase price for crops from farmers for contractual farming.  All crops/regardless of their growing size should have a fixed (MSP/MPP) price detailed out every year by local state government .   When there is an agricultural ministry in place and people are sitting there to work for benefit of country, I am sure they surely can come out with what is fair price for each crop in every season depending upon market and region. Thus I am still not sure what prevents govt in deciding MSPs. Let's say they are not in position to provide MSP/MPP right away this year due to lack of infrastructure ( storage ) then they should obviously be compelled to build such infrastructure at a rate that they can confirm the MSP would be applicable from that date onwards and so would be the laws.
Bjp  Its election time  so sacrifices for vote bank  ! 
This is Punjab farmers unethical protest not India's.. Vox do proper research
Why didn't you interview farmers who moved out of Mandi?? Show us their view too
Farmers are not stopped to sell APMC then why so much opposition
The level of one-sided reporting and misinformation and whitewashing of the "peaceful" farmer's protests is mind-boggling. 
Nobody knows what the bills are so they protest.Problem is only for middlemen, khalistanis and tukde opposition not for the farmers
Farmer suicides will stop now.??
We should be thankful to farmers for providing food n hardwork they do in their fields in every season.
Farmers movement is just and fully democratic
Godi media trying to protect Bjp
Quite informative  showed both the aspects of the laws. We indians must come together to resolve the poverty hunger and suicides by farmers using better agriculture management.
We will live with honestly and pride.we are sikh we are farmer   .............if government don't back laws then..
You have disappointed every farmer and citizen as a PM.#Indianeverforgive !!
We love our farmers but this protest is useless and naive. Leave the matter unto us.
Jai kisan zindabad...! Modi is a clever person.be cautious of him.modi is a clever person.we are with you..
THIS IS A BIG STUNT FROM BJP TO WIN ELECTION MAKEING THERE SELF LUK GUD N WEN THEY WIN BACK TO WERE THEY WER
This issue could mean literally life or death for the hundreds of millions of India's farmers. I can't help but think that India's mostly small scale farms are also better for the environment (more carbon storage in the soil) than the industrial farming the reforms will encourage.
Yogi had said he will handle the Lakhimpur case. So the cops answer shows its handled.
Farmers are always strong and always will be no matter who ever tries to rule them amazing  My Salute all the farmers they are true Patriots 
i subscribed u only for farmers, thnks for support
Bad... Worst... Its all over for Agricultural Reforms.   Tikait (Decoit ) won... Anna Hazare moment for Modi Government
So, according to you, these protests, in punjab haryana MP, are there cuz of state govt as  81% farmers do not know anything about this??
They are paid farmers , funded from outside of .
Actually in short, these laws will take indian farmers and agriculture to 21st century.
The most detailed explanation of the impact of farm laws. Hope things become better for farmers
Late decision of withdrawal of three agriculture laws costs the lives of 700 farmers !
Problem faced by farmers- 
dhruv rathi is real supporter of farmers
Credit of high income of Punjab and Haryana is not because of the efficiency of current structure. That is because of the concentration of centre aid to farmers in these two states and Bihar on the other hand hand has very small land holdings...small and marginal farmers are vulnerable in Punjab and Haryana also only middle man benefit from the existing system and they are acting as pressure group to stop the reforms.
Repeal is for elections sake not for farmers. No talks simply withdraw after more than a year.
Anyone think modiji is having a heart? He is not a right person to sit in that seat. All the world is supporting for the kisan.
Bills are all good, but it's all depends on it's implementation. Government has opened the farmers to the business word, that's good. But government has to realize these poor farmers are not soo good and knowledgeable to deal business with big companies. To be frank no one needs an upper hand here, the actual need is "the system has to be balanced".  Hence there has to be some more control for the cooperate people / or proper guidance for farmers to make sure not always the cooperates wins the business between the farmers and them. Modiji's visions are always good, but he must stop hurrying up and releasing unfinished products.
Its only playing with their feelings. Its only on media. Modi is just making fun. He is looking for a reason to win elections
To say frankly...on all these days, now only i understood about the farmer laws,thanks VOX
Govt generally controls the market when they feel that consumers will suffer. However, they do not care about farmers. If govt wants to control and regularize the market, they have to give farmers minimum support price.
especially vegetable, flower, corn, cotton and sugarcane farmers.
Farm Bills 2020 Explained
Farmers too much depends on government that is the main problem.  Give them freedom to sell their products according to their wish
Ya since they are farmers, what if they didnt provide food for cities and cause wide spread starvation thoughout India, this way the government will be forced to compromised
India ranked 101 position in global hunger index of 2021, lower than Pakistan, Bangladesh. FYI
Boycott all GODI MEDIA Channels IMMEDIATELY
I never see a farmer arrested by police just because he does not sell his produce in APMC mandi.
Those Farm laws could have improved Indian agriculture but vested interests like foreign influence and opposition party politics didnt let it pass.
Government  of  india  should  give  compensation  to  farmers  who  sacrificed  their  life
In the long run this decision of repeal  will impose only negative consequences on the actual poor farmers.
As this Bill was in UPA's agenda as well shouldn't scrutinize these bills because Modi got them implemented
Big win of democracy, need reforms which take farmers welfare in centre
Every citizen must wake up now, otherwise its going to b too late, farmers r going to survive with these draconian laws but other public is not. Farmers have land they can easily grow there own food, but when there is no mandi, no roadside shop, no rehdi then u all have to go to adanis mall like farm-pic then they r going to charge to 1000 Rs/kg for sabji like gobhi,louki etc. Whoever doesnt believe this can go to ambani/adanis mall & check there price, its happening now when u have rehdi, road side shops, imagine when all these going to shut down. Couple of more laws is coming in next session where farmers need special permit from center govt & pollution board to sell even 1 liter milk,
I'm from India. The protests are only limited to one state/caste which is Punjab. That is why it has already flopped. Indian people around India don't care about them.
Our farmers are builders of the India nation 
You also didn't explain why farmers are "bound to move out" of the mandis. That's a really important point to really understand the protests. Why don't farmers just give the cold shoulder to the deregulated markets? I'm not saying the point of view you are providing a platform for is wrong, I'm just saying you didn't succeed in explaining it in a way that makes sense.
Farmers should demand Free Electricity for all  Punjabis including Physically Handicapped Punjabi
There's a billion people more people in India than there were 100 years ago. The food has to come from somewhere.
No Farmer no food 
More than farmers it is consumers who are affected most. More people should come out and protest.
If farmers are not happy with the bill then why implement it.
The reason farmers did not go to supreme Court is because they knew supreme Court will favor government. 
Mr. Harcharan Singh is correct at 14:20 - the US is absolutely not a model for the rest of the world to follow. We have severe erosion problems, our farmland is losing its fertility, and the younger generation is leaving the industry behind. Vast stretches of farmland are now being bought up by Bill Gates! The only real growth area for a long time has been in organic farming, which might be the key to the future, along with traditional methods of multi-cropping such as those once practiced in the Punjab. All working people have common cause with the farmers of India and should support them. Thank you, VICE, for covering this story.
Who are saying this bill is in favour of farmers, Did any of you sell wheat and rice ever? When you will do...you will come to know the reality....ghar baithe analysis krna or baatein banana easy hai
essential commodity list is a magic list u know if pulses price goes to 151.. the govt will automatically get a red alert & hooter sound in PMO because every MP, from now will go to nearby mandi to check the price whether its 151 or 149 .. and as soon as it touches 151 the commodity will be added to that list and very next day you will find that the prices has fallen to 100 again...  mst kaam kiya h govt ne.
Brother just know what is going on in depth without this superficial knowledge and judge the goverment decision and the farmers decision you just don't know how much the residents and merchants inside the Delhi suffered even while showing the support.And also don't forget the RHIANNA TOOLKIT it matters the most.
People like rakesh takiat keep all the wealth to themselves and fool other i  believing that his law is bad for them. Shame on such bad elements who harm the interests of poor farmers.
Sir, You should have said sorry before hundreds of farmers died.
These laws say that middleman will be removed. But to sell my crop in other state farmer will have to search such person, without that how would he know where he can get good price.
A win to the farmers... hope this is not a trap
80% of people in haryana and Punjab are aggressive.
If reforms weren't required, why are farmer debts and suicides increasing each year? Reforms are required, a big share of the income is generated by middlemen in Mandi system.
Rakesh Tikait after watching this video: Chilla chillake scheme batade sabko
We love our farmers 
The bigger problem here is the govt indifference. 70-80 yr old sitting in cold winter nights out in the open for MONTHS !! And what does the govt do ? - Yeah we'll look into it. Yeah we heard you. Yeah Yeah Yeah. could've handled it much better in so many diff ways. Be happy a farmer didn't run the tractor into your Republic Day parade, which btw was happening a few blocks away.
Sir decision taken by so much late so why too much stressed given to farmer resulted to much farmer unemployed crucial time wasted
 When Modi was about 15 years old, India's had fought and won the second war with Pakistan in 1965.
Just to add, the so called protestors, were on a party, free food, free entertainment and free warm shelter during the "Cold winter nights" . And to just let you know, yesterday, there were less than 25 people on the protest sites. So yes, the "patient" farmer is going back home.
Truth will prevail all farmers accross world will win
Farmers will benifit, but common people will have to spend a lot. govt ll not educate the farmers
Sad day sad day... I cant imagine the Modi Governement bogged down to few idiots and self centered people.... This shows how difficult it is in India to bring reforms. Sad day long live Idiots
Every bill is good but in india there is no one to solve this issue. That's the problem.
Mostly the Indian farmers are from Punjab and Haryana dont mention India its not like the others care.
Without strong institutional arrangements, the free market may harm lakhs of unorganised small farmers, who have been remarkably productive and shored up the economy even during a pandemic
The  loss will be to the middle men as they have to agree on a price dictated by farmers and state govts as there cess revenue  can be reduced if farmers dont use the state provided market.
Interestingly CRUX never talked about so many Hathras incidents from Rajasthan, why? farmers hurled n bashed with lathis in Rajasthan yesterday, why? No word on what has been happening in Bengal, why? But they do conduct a thorough analysis on incidents from Hathras or Lakhimpur. Such hypocrisy!
We support Farm Bills ,which is important for nation 
On Oct 1, The Economic Times, Rajnath Singh assured the farmers that MSP will stay and will continue.
What a great man he is ,full of compassion, patience  and visionary leadership and understanding . A human being who truly understands,  yet to create unity and strengthen the Nation he repealed the 3 MSP laws that otherwise were being shamefully protested. Unanimity in the Nation, concern and care for all is deep within his heart.  He has won a great battle,set aside the Opposition or those selected that misleads at all times. Great decisions can only be taken by great men and today it is Modi ji,our Great P.M.
3) giving farmers access to specific fast e-Track Courts(Agenting through some grampanchayat employees setup is needed though)(start from 1 in each district)
Farmers are being beaten up badly
Spineless modi  now this will boost confidence of anti national elements. Farmer lost dakait won Enjoy democracy 
Proud of the farmers of this country. The farmers of this country has sacrificed their and their family welfare for the middlemen of Punjab and Haryana because 80 percent of MSP money has been bagged by farmers of these two states only and other state farmers are anyway at the mercy of unorganised sector buyer. Now these other state farmers can not get access to corporate money and technology to uplift. I bow down to their selfless sacrifice.
Those were not farmers protesting they were the middle man between farmers and customers protesting. They misguided farmers now farmers will know how they missed such an opportunity of national development. We are with modiji forever.
Our PM is working for the corporate not for the common people and for farmers..
Respect and support farmers they protesting a long day peacefully police and government is making this vulnerable.
Any farmer can sell his produce anywhere in the country,  this thing is already there , lot of false info
I feel ashamed by watching our farmers condition
Wish Punjab was next to Tamilnadu to hug these brothers and most of us could have stood next to your shoulders in protest against the tyranny of the ruling merchant class oligarchy from Western India(If you know what I mean).
When these bills are so good and favourable for farmers then why these farmers apposing these bills? As per these protest it seems that these protesters are not real farmers these are brokers who wants earn more profits than the real farmers who grows such agricultural products with their efforts. I support these bills
Very unfortunate day for all farmers today.
Its foolish to think corporates will trouble farmers with legal clauses. The same clauses bind the corporates too.
Blatant land grabbing laws against farmers are the reason for the protest. Narendra was voted in with help of corporate all at the expense of farmers
At last farmers won 
Just these farmers are protesting like whole of India dont have farmers. Are they soo woke or something political behind this like khalistan separatists.
Congrats to everyone who support farmer protest even on social media..Kudos to us.
Can anyone share me the pdf link of this farm bill?
Indian farming is also mostly manual labor intensive. Many farmers still use traditional methods of farming like plowing with bulls. In contrast, U.S. farming is mostly capital intensive with large-scale use of advanced and heavy machinery. The number of manual laborers is very small. Indian farmers are also still heavily dependent on the weather especially monsoon cycles. Thus, even a small change in the amount of rainfall can have disastrous effects for Indian farmers. So they are able to grow only 2 to 3 crops in a year, which is restricted to either rice or potatoes. In contrast, U.S. farmers use advance systems of irrigation so they are able to grow a wide variety of multiple crops for year-round production~
If this protest was to defend farmers, then why is that only the wealthiest farmers are fighting against this? Its like Amazon saying socialism or communism is bad for the country. The highest farmer suicide rate is in Maharashtra and Bihar, not Punjab. Whole India supports this bill except for Punjab. We all know what Greta Thunberg tweeted along with the toolkit explaining exactly what Rihanna has to tweet and at what time. This is all an atmept to break and systematically dismantle the worlds largest democracy to create Khalistan. DO NOT LET FOREIGNERS DIVIDE INDIA AGAIN. LOTS OF FARMERS THROWS OR SELL AT VERY LOW PRICES  AS THEY DON'T GET BUYERS AS THERE IS LIMIT ON HOARDING 
No way they were real farmers and also this protest hadany political motive behind them and also Khalistan Supporters
It's time to listen the farmers and acknowledge the concern.
We can make Kisan bachat gat in one village to give power to small farmers.
This can happen to illiterate farmers who can not understand and see their own interest.
this person again is dividing people by saying all the farmers are from punjab .
Hey you should talk about anything without complete knowledge.government brought the three farm laws and the previous laws will be the same .there are many options for farmer to sell their agricultural production including MSP, contract, mantis etc.dont spread fake rumours on farm laws plz.if you have no knowledge
I want to see how you people react when they stop farming and you can't eat anything and food is scarce. Farmers in India have been suffering for a long time. At least finally now the world knows about it.
Now Village milk farmers connected to amul are market getting fixed price and living better life than past. 
If msp would continue then why the government cant write it in the bills they have have writtennso much in the bill but cant write this small line
Beautifully captured....totally emotional...jai jawan jai kisan....NoFarmersNoFood.
NOW - because of GST, the states have already taken a hit on their revenue. These farm bills will take out even more revenue from the State. 
Group of chad farmers or virgin Indian government?
Finally farmers won the battle,  Prime Minister will come and go, farmers remain the same, Modi failure and farmers victory  
Farmer wants justice, repeal farm laws
Problem is the india itself, lot of people and less land to farm.
As my opinion...sry to say modi jii bt.......this is lose for farmers
Modi going around the globe saying when India progress, the world progress. And this is what happens in India. And the so called godi media will never debate about these incidents. Sick mindset!!!!
Where British regulated what farmers grow
Result: Government sold all profitable public company like Railway, LIC, ONGC, Bank, Airport, Land shutting down parliament. 15 crore Indian became jobless but big corporate earnings increased in billions. 
Really bro most of the media fail to show real side of Farmers protest but you guys done great job 
Govt. needs to initiate formation of platform for farmers in order to manage the agriecosystem with pricing policy as prevails in industrial sector. In fact, pricing policy for home market needs to be uniform for all products. This will safe guard equal opportunity for all citizens. Each one's time will fetch equal monetary remuneration. But,  I don't mean a work of higher importance will not be rewarded. It has got to be rewarded with out being monetary directly. It may be facilities that provide ease of life like services for which financial expenditure may be incurred by nation. Well,  coming back to agri policy, following points may please be considered for debate. 
Why not make the farm laws for the rest of the country and let the farmers of Punjab and Haryana do whatever they want.
I think this bills are good for farmers 
     A son of Farmer (Punjab)
cuz of farmers only from Punjab, BJP has taken back farm lanws, what about FARMERS from UP or Bihar? what this? This is so pathetic
"A mostly correct bill with the aim of doing something good in government's POV passes without noticing loopholes....It has both positves and negatives..." Government Is good in their POV and farmers are protesting to make this bill perfect"......"with some outside interruptions that made indians go against Indians".....
Congratulations to BJP upon winning 2022 UP elections.
What do you mean farmers confused hain ??
1 - Removes limits on warehousing and hoarding; essentially letting big businessmen drive up prices. Small farmers cant warehouse, and need to sell immediately to pay for loans taken during growing.
What are are farmer laws in USA? Do USA have concept like Mandi?
Me the one who support farmer's protest and Modi ji at the same time.
And today 19th of November 2021, the Central Government of India repeals all three anti-farmer Farm Laws! Huge day for India!
If they really care about farmers then why these hypocritical people contributing Canada GDP not INDIA.
Kissa protest is khalistan funded protest they want nothing just to oppose gov till 2024 . If they are really serious then why they accept msp assured my gov during round table
The MSP is the reason Punjab doesn't grown any other kind of crops , resulting in degradation of the soli and free electricity is the reason why Punjab is rapidly turning into a desert state . once richest state of India is now 15th with not industries and completely reliant on farming and Big rich famers dominate the market
I also explained farm bill 2020 on my channel. If you are interested, be sure to check it out.
 If any there is any conflict in contract, farmers are not allowed to go to court, they can only to the SDM. 
Big difference is, farmer share have access to cheaper tools (although thats changing too) and generally more support form the govt (also on the decline)...but ofc more money in the population, less competitive neighbours, just better equipment, chemicals etc . We are seeing the future of all farmers if we carry on this destructive path of communities and families. solution, Debt forgiveness/freeze intrust to Zero, education and support to change farming practises, promote and help them transition to more sustainable and healthy means to grow and reap crops.
We Stand with Farmers ..... Haramzado farmer pe to raham karo...
Farmers are healthy because they do physical hard work and live in nature. Even if they contract covid, they won't even get a cough. Even old farmers will not die of covid.
4. Farmers had to protest for compensation, BJP workers got it just like that for killing farmers.
Then when govt introduces policies so that farmers are end receivers rather than dalals in apmc. Which are owned by politicians who dont pay farmers for years. 
Farmer protest is still continue even after 5months of this video 
They've been on roads for months and more than 100 farmers died still government is holding on to its ego..... Shame
Farmers who protest have no knowledge , they are just obeying their land owners .
The explanation is  beautiful overall but the reality is harsher than this beautiful explanation. The loop holes that have been pointed out in this video or are actually there in the farm acts are dangerous indeed. The acts appear to be a cake walk while reading and listening to explanations but while analysing the whole act, it appears to be a masterstoke with disastrous loop holes. I would suggest the viewers to refer other sources as well along with this amazing video. Govt. should not withdraw this act but should amend it largely. And in any case, hoarding is not justifiable, it just shows potrays govt on the side of big corporates rather than the poor consumer and farmers. The suggestions given by Vikas Sir are  also must needed amendments in the whole act but still there are many more loop holes and even more dangerous possible harm in this act that could be happened to farmers so those drawbacks also need to be addressed and amended by the govt.
#SupportFarmers
A community of people Destroyed the carrier of whole Country Farmers
You guys are literally amazing!! Only today I understand the actual bill
How was it possible to manage such a huge movement of farmers and its reach to millions of people through every social media, newspaper?
1. Artiyas before start bidding have there own meeting first in which they set there rates. You know the quality of crop depends on certain factors amount of sunlight it got, fertilizers, soil conditioning, etc. Every field does not get all the things right So there are crops if not sell fast will rot in mandis. So farmers have there majburi to sell the crop on artiyas rate  Farmer's profit has shrunk to such a margin that he is farming by taking loans and if he does not sell his crop fast 2 things happens 1. His crop rottens 2. Interest keeps on increasing. It is hard for a farmer to risk not selling.
You don't know anything about the bill India depends on farmers 70% do agriculture why only one state farmers getting trouble by this bill there some people who trying to divide India and will not understand unless and untill u are in India
Not all farmers are protesting
Salute to all the kisaan and ravish Kumar for creating havoc in the country. Jai jawaan jai kisaan jai Congress
FARMERS DONT GET FAIR PRICES TODAY. Open markets are the best bet ahead. Providing MSP on every is infeasible, it'll hinder growth. These laws are important to improve the state of farming economy in India.
Here the middleman is  a lot better for most of the farmers . The farmers earn once in 6 months only .So if the farmer is in need of money at any instance any moment of emergency  ,the banks are not gonna provide any money ,so the middleman here  provides the farmers with that money  at that emergency  so that they could return back it to him  as their crop will go to that middleman only ,so he is the one who helps  farmers. Moreover if we let that the  private companies give more money that APMC for few years  and most farmers start going to them , the Government may abolish  the APMC markets  and from that instant,the whole power goes to the coorporates .
We Love Our Farmers agar woh nhi to hm nhi
Today is the historical day for all farmers.
The farmers are more educated and Intelligent than our Prime Minister and Home Minister...What the farmer said are all well said...
Now they will start explaning why"Farm Laws" are not good for farmers 
Everybody should come with kissans because they are fighting for common people majdoor,employees,students,small shopkeepers of India and not for cheaters and lieyer.
Please respect farmers' wishes and stop harassment by politicians.
yes you're right , farmers are the most patient creature and if you pissed him off !
COMMENTS AND AGENDA ARE VERY CLEAR, GET RID OF OUR PRIME MINISTER MODI, ONE WHO HAPPENS TO BE A GIFT FROM GOD TO INDIA.IT IS POLITICAL NOT UPLIFTMENT OF FARMERS
I dont see what modi did wrong what will yall do make another Khalistan
It gives them choices of where to sell they can sell anywhere , MSP was there is there , mandis will be modernised not removed .This is a paid rally by opposition . These rallies were only in delhi & no where else farmers were disappointed and their ratio is 0.002/100  .
THESE IMPORTANT POINTS ARE NOT EVEN NEAR MENTIONED IN FARM PROTEST AGENDA .....WHY THESE SO CALLED HIMAITI OF FARMERS ARE NOT TELLING THE TRUTH?
5% of rich farmers pushed 95% of poor farmers to poverty again.
Even though I accept the whole story , I am just wondering whether cartel formation would be easier for corporate giants??. If they try to control the price in the 4 th phase with less margin to farmers they can go to other buyers right? Where is the irreversibly in this case?
This Panjabi are behave like very intelligent, I'm also former India I don't know why they protests against govt, government doing for our safety but these people only having political root's and take away to politics,,,, I saw so many times these people behave like whatever they do it's right and then they only have the knowledge...
Elections coming! Oh what a power these elections hold! They can even make the biggest of the biggest politicians bow their heads! We should have elections every month! Then India will truly progress! (Maybe online elections)
Who is this crap cringe guy.  Supporting MSP..
Farmers have problems government tried to solve them even if they were wrong clearly there was intension, let's say they wanted good for corporates,but farmers protested for year and what they got just removal of laws.they should have fought for improvement in laws which would have helped farmers. But from start it was mostly about removal of laws and now no government will even try to touch this system.
Watched full documentry..touched with the emotions of farmers..feeling my Indian brothers are suffering because of government black laws..
One Enemy (BJP) = One Nation/Each Indian's
MSP means Minimum selling price or Minimum support Price, pl clear it mam
Modi ji is the greatest leader in World
6. Also do study where, which state,  farmers commits suicide and which states farmers are most rich. Ironically the states with most poor farmers are supporting the law, and most rich ones protesting. If you take the percentage as per total farmer population then it will be 16% protesting ( who are rich) and 84% supporting (who are poor). 
APMC in Punjab- Haryana is one of the best in the world.. Due to this U can see the difference in Farmers of punjab and bihar, where APMC was abolished and are mercy of private players
Fact: they r not farmer.
I finally understand what farmer's bill is all about. Thanks a million!
What about that farmers who died in protest 
Why haven't you mentioned the reasons for the new farm laws? One law is about banning or fining farmers who burn crop remains after harvesting mainly in Haryana and Punjab which is the main reason for Delhi's pollution. Children even have to skip schools during this period. And about MSP, Punjab, and Haryana produces more yield so their MSP is higher compare to a place where yield is less. So those so-called Farmer Leaders who own properties worth crores of rupees purchase grains from low-price areas and sell them for high prices. The people who are at loss are 90% of farmers who own fewer lands. By introducing this Farm law farmers can have a choice for themselves to whom they can sell. Indian politics is not simple as it looks so don't get urself involved in something whose depth u r unaware of. I came from a farmer family so I know. And one more point Govt did declare that MSP and Mandi will be in place and is decided by the state govt.
The MSP will remain In APMC. Even after these laws, farmers still can sell their produce to these mandis.. So why the mandis will be shut down. There are only 23 crops which come under MSP.. Wht about the other crops.. That's why you don't see protest anywhere else.. People who don't want to enter contract farming can sell these to APMC.. So what's the fuzz...
just a prank by modi killed so many farmers.
We r with farmers sadda haq itthe rakh
     Didn't even address the deaths of farmers during year long protest..
This win is not only of farmers but a tight slap to democracy villian like Kangana , godi medias. Today my respect for gandhian philosophy increased. Salute to our nation annadata. Jai jawan jai kisan jai vigyan.....
The indian hero is army and farmers.not prime minister
all the nakli and rich farmers think they won now - but pls wait and watch - bcoz today the agriculture mafia ia very big  and only few big fish are benefitted - the real farmer is poor even today . verysad . the poorest of the poor kisan bhai has to be benefitted
The two biggest reasons for farmer's suicide - Loan defaults and Faulty prices at these controlled markets.
Now who will return those farmers lives whome ur people killed?
You being a South African not making a video on discrimination against Indians in South Africa but you will make a video on Farmer's protest hypocrisy on its height.
The "GROUND REPORT" failed the moment you called them Farmers
Is there is really an issue, can somebody explain what is the issue. And this protesting in foreign is hypocrisy. If you care so much about farming in India then you would not live and settle in developed nations.
We should support the farmers, they are protesting for a just and honourable cause
So sad in india . I support my prime minister sree Narendra modi ji great leader strong man. Kisan haargaya.
Solution - government has assured that farmer's application would be listened. 
Since the protest of Punjab  farmers I was trying to understand the bills but never  understand till the date until I watched your video on farmer bills ......it cleared my all doubts about the Farmers bills..........content N concept  was very easy N clear to understand..... Thank you... it was awesome...
my take away: farmers want to have the mandis to establish a base line price for their produce. this price is government regulated. if they many or many not sell at mandis, but the mandis is there like a safe net. The government does not want to have the burden of assuring the minimum price to cover farmers' cost. it is a about money, i.e government subsidy.
1. Responsibility of compliance of any legal requirement lies with the sponsor (company buying it) thus sponsor cannot make any contract & hold farmer responsible for its compliance. If so the contract will be void. -  Hence saying that sponsors can add anything in the contract is complete rubbish. 
Respect from punjab Pakistan
I think u hv not given a good example to compare ola / uber to farmers. farmers and their issues are much varied as compared to a transport service. 
God bless the Indian Farming Community.
UP mai yogi fir se aayega isliye opposition doing this with khalistanis
But why nobody is talking about the men who were lynched.It's disgusting to take the law in own hands and beat someone to death like this. Farmers don't lynch like this or are they goons in the disguise of farmers ?
Its not really anti farmers but anti middleman
Hum hmesha mud farmers hi rhenge.....kyunki bicholiye reform ni chahte farm laws mein.......hum kbhi bhi suit case farmers ni bn payenge......
It's not beneficially for Farmer. Bcz after 5 year, largest manufacturer apply monopolize on farmer.
Thanks to #GodiMedia.
Itis the 700 Died farmers Winning
3. Middleman called 'arhtiyas', not farmers dictate the prices in APMC mandis, and charge high commission. 
Hats off to the farmers.
A lady who sit on the bench say that don't listen to farmers 
You dont what loss you made to farmers. Days will come when you will cry again for these laws.
Ye banda UPSC ... Hahaha... No calmness, no clarity . mana  ki kuch flaws ho sakte hai . but, in laws ke kuch clauses se farmers empower ho jayenge .... Changes in law agreed but , total repeal not possible . It surely benefits marginal farmers ....
According to what is mentioned at point 2 that small farmers will not have much acces to mandis n sell outside of state this is already in Pakistan. Believe me i am a farmer and it felt good that govt give assistant to farmers by setting mandis so farmers can get good fixed price. But in that case what is in the bill what govt want to imply is that but it is already in our country and honestly it is nothing more then controlling farmers and get what u want out of them. Buyers big companies buys on low cost bcz farmers have to sell their products whether on low price or below government fixed price bcz they had already gave their much on cultivation of crops. So buyer companies threatened us that they would not buy their materials so they would get at that price.
I literally cry to know about the condition of farmers in our country
Bills were good for not only farmers but nation as a whole, by reversing it, govt has shown its weakness, as claimed in video it's bal pradarshan by a group ( large or small, but still not bigger than country at large) and govt has bend over, for political gain or otherwise,   
While now Farmers can sell it to AMPC mandis, Private firms and also in AMPC of other states.
I guess most of the people dont understand the bad impact of laws on the lives of farmers.  Government is very wrong here. #supportfarmers
What about farmers in rest of the states? Government should divide the procurement According to state population and distance from source. We get substandard rice and wheat in Kerala, if Minimum support price procurement is used in andhrapradesh or tamilnadu properly..we could eat something that comes through public distribution... not even chicken eats rise from public distribution. Monopoly should be stopped.
All the farm laws has been instructed to be repealed . Only the leagal procedures in INDIAN  parliament is due.
Statue of unity, election rally, election security, more than 2000 VVIP's security..... Sir ye kharcha bhi to hamaare TAX per hi hota hai...... 
MSP is required, but the so called farm leaders keep repeating to remove 3 laws and fighting exploitation that didn't happen, may or may not happen, by that bizarre logic to restore draconian APMC Act to keep the current cartels of middleman to keep power of certain dalals..
"Giving the freedom to the farmer to sell outside the mandi system, to whoever, is a welcome step, in unshackling the farmer," says economist Ajit Ranade.
3. The money thing for which APMC was formed, continued with Mandi owners now acting as the bank. Mandi do not pay farmers right away. Hence farmer is forced to take loan at interest from the Mandi or angadias. Yes the farmer pays interest on his own money. Mandi at times payout after a year. 
Yes India lost to it's politicians politics.. Modi gave importance to election over india. I absolutely disagree with this decision. How is India going to solve over production of wheat and rice. When we will start growing crops based on demand. When we will stop import of parm etc. Government should only procure rice and wheat as much as required. Wasting tax money just to keep one segment is not right. FCI loss should be shown in all budgets so that India knows how much loss India tax payers face due to old and bad laws..
Politician please stop politics . Please destroy this country . Its not only farmer . This country belongs to lots other people .
What full video? Where is the jeep running over aged farmers from behind ?
Is this Chaiwala's New India, that he and BJP political leader's want to make, Sinister people on this earth, citizen's have suffered enough, where are all the leader's now? Farmer's struggle and fight for your every rights, God is with you all farmer's, when God is with you, no evil can harm you, keep up the brave fight...
Support for the Farmers 
I'm from Bihar,son of a farmer,doing B.A in Pol. sc from one of prominent college in country and I approve everything that Bihari person said.
what kind of modern farmer they are
Going rampant in country capital..AND on R\historic Red Fort. These so called farmers don't deserve sympathy.
  .... 14th min,   MSP    APMC     ??         .
Poor states like bihar will suffer good luck farmers of punjab Haryana and Western UP and for you will get cheap cost labour for farm you never want them to grow
And this is only becoz of modi and godi media
Vox, you explained the three laws very well, hope this video will circulate in english speaking urban areas of india so that those people will understand the worst situation created by modi government against farmers of India. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.
The main purpose of these amendments is that farmers have to produce more and more and earn more and more. If the domestic supply increases, then Govt will open the export gates allowing the export of excess production of that particular commodity.
Thanku Trevor for talking about it. There are more than 20 million farmers(among which 2lakh+ are protesting) in population of about 2 Billion people! So yes WE ALL AIN'T FARMING :p
In previous farm bill, it is mandatory that farmers have to sell in the APMC markets only which are dominated by politicians.
Best cm of india kejriwalji
Red Salute Kisan Andolon against Facist trends.
Historic moment for the Indian Democracy...thank you to our brave and hard working farmers. You have shown us the mirror, salute to your courage.
Show our map correctly and than talk about our farmers
Yes reforms are needed but don't tell Modi is doing great reforms and what he has done till date is just advertisement of self and he don't care to exploit public services. Example he got all the buses in UP but not bothered about the condition bus depot and this show was sponsored by taxpayers money . Fighter aircrafts are to serve the nation and not for his shows. Second he should have tried to implement these laws in some of BJP 's ruling states and might have proved its success. Third people have trusted Modi but now he is losing people's trust. He has shown his consistent failures like Demonetization, improper implementation of GST,  Hunger Index, and etc these telling the truths.
Vegetables traders have bungalows at a prestige ares . But farmers are dieing. Traders decide the price.  Vese ye traders bhi ek businessman hi to hai . They just want a profit . At a high person . But farmers don't get the right value .
These so called experts and all the agriculture universities are bought by big corporations.  These guys dont promote any farming which needs no or less pesticides or herbicides. I started farming vegetables organically but there is no demand of it And prices are same or less because quality of look of the products. Pesticides company dont want any farmer to start any other farming than mono. We need subsidy and more promotions of organic farming. Because yields less less and labour is more. This is vast subject i think i could explain even 1% of this really corrupt system. Which is killing golden hen for more profit.
Could someone explain why Punjab State  Farners are the only area have this issue vs other states in India? Thanks
If modiji sets it clear now the legal laws that every companies should not define but STRICTLY COPY what government defines for farmers to be followed, which is few, simple in favor of farmers then the first bill works for big farmers otherwise any big companies can trap and cheat in agreements the farmers who may not be educated. 
Very bad decision by modi.I lost fate in modi.The laws very good for farmers  now , poor farmers continue slaves of middle man.Modiji history judge you This is a Himalayan blunder.I don't vote for any party,because l also  fate lost in indian democracy
Brave and ferocious farmers, respect for them.
Sorry se kaam nhi chalega modi ji... Compensate the farmers in the form of income,  increased legal MSP, more markets expansion for farming products and free health and education facilities to small & medium farmers and for the loss  they have been through since the last one year.....stop being a hypocrite....we know to stay in power u can stoop to the lowest of the low level.
If these laws are so bad; then BJP will loose next election and opposition can win again... How good is that? 
I watched many videos regarding farm bill but only your explanation is totally free of politics
Mr. Trevor RIGHTLY DONE  COMPLIMENTS FROM INDIA  ...hoping BJP run news channel like REPUBLIC TV changes it ways.
Because 70 %of our farmers own small business and our situation and infrastructure are not that good to coup with this bills..
t shirt pehn li to kya.. we are not foolish. lot of punjabis saw Bhindranwala as saint. so what. he died in 1884. logon ko bewakoof bna rha ye godi media.
Ye sab chor h BJP and godi gobar media. Futer is AAP and right journalism.
As a Punjabi-Sikh I cried watching this wholesome coverage by Samdish. Thank you SchoopWhoop for this <3 can't thank you enough.. farmers need these types of platforms to express their views  Love from Punjab.
After this, I'm concerned about what kind of a media we have. And specially these foreign media houses like BBC who would criticise when laws are introduced but would support when laws are repealed because of mis reporting. Sad day!
I am sorry his arguments are hollow and anti farmer.he is receiving privileges from govt and corporate.bring farmers to UV true picture.
Looose BJP at UP on the next election.
very bad day for farmers
It is very bad day for india..bjp is right
3. APMC regulates PRICE in compromised manner (basically all dealers quote same price instead of bidding to a higher value) - BIG loss for farmer. 
Are the farmers from PUNJAB ONLY IMPORTANT?
I am happy for Indian people by reading comments. You are becoming smart not just puppets. Hats off to you. People can change everything. Public of Pakistan and India can overthrow these hypocrite governments
These law were very good but because of some farmers of particular state many farmers of this country can not avail the benefits of this law sad....
why are you listening to this man. why us farmers are under debt. can these people living in ac rooms will reform for farmers.
These are not the farmers at all
The poor sad excuse of subsidies some give is just wrong on so many levels. How about we first listen to what Modi and BJP had to say when oil prices went up during Manmohan?
Shame on such ppl who are commenting there is a propaganda behind ooo 19-20 saalan de puttt saheed hoo gye mava de sharam krro andh bhkto 600+ kisaan saheed hoo chukke aaa hjje tkkk appa tonu khalistanis lggde aa waah lakh di lahnaat aaa jere hjje v farmers nu glt khhh rhe aa ohna tyy dubbb k mrrjo sala Modi
Farmers emotional h har Saal Kitna food khrb hota h storage nhi h govt k pass paise nhi h itna private sector se investment ayegi toh infrastructure thik Hoga kisan ka nuksan kaise h jb govt msp pe man gyi h.  Ab protest jayaz nhi h.
Do u know about Middle men Or brokers who are only getting rich from 74 years though original farmers are getting poorer & thousands of them committing suicide. These laws are there to give direct benefits to original Farmers who are basically ilitrate & Not to these so called rich & fake protestors. These fake brokers who are claiming they are Farmers, are only from 2 states out of 35. Punjab & Haryana - these two states having such brokers who are taking away the rights of Farmers since many decades.
Dude, Your your research on India's farmer law is like half "Apple" and India is not in West. You should come to see India to see the BTS of Farmer's protest.
India is a very vast country and half of her population depends on farming. Nearly 500 to 600 millions 
We stand with our farmer....
Mr Rathee should think that when the other person saying it clearly that in APMC there is Mafia, Cartelization, etc then why make APMC stronger..Is it not wrong ?? And also the other person said that only 6% farmers are getting benefit from MSP, does it make any sense to make national law for regulation of MSP... I wonder is this guy Mr.Ratheee educated or only knows to copy/paste...
in Village India, its run on emotions and blackmailed by local leaders and peer pressure. it would need another social revolution at social level.  It would take time for farmers to learn be self reliant , education and learn to incorporate traditional and modern techniques as well as support by local state government and society
Why I start doing research on the aforesaid operation and Kisan movement in Punjab, is for the reason that as Islam is a religion of Peace and now our PM Pakistan, Imran Khan sb also advocate the lesson of harmony among religions, whose proof can be traced at Kartarpur, therefore I and all of us supporting Kisan movement in Punjab for the reason that we want just and right for them. 
This bill will empowerment for farmers of India.
Rakesh tiket Ganda admi hai media plz is admi ko channel PE mat bulana chaiye request to all media
No farmers No food
Why are so many people with turbans protesting and in punjab and haryana? And not in other places of the india? Idk nothing about the bills
They're former's not terrorist ... Then why bjp government . Attack on them????shame on u. Modi
Wish good health and victory for our farmer's protest
MSP system will continue. After passing farm bills, goverment announced MSP increase.
Modi made Tikat a hero and fool of himself by backing out now ...
The moment govt. announces that they will not make any ban on MSP, the WTO will put sanctions on India.. and that's what western countries are waiting for.. BJP is in a position like: ek taraf khai dusri taraf kua
Please support farmers protest in India on Twitter by using #kisanmazdurektazindabaad.
"But you need the mandi system to coexist with private trading system. Perhaps the government needs to come out with a written law that they will not withdraw the MSP or the mandi system
These are not farmers. And what nonsense is this to hold everyone to ransom? And they have not even studied the laws.Khaap panchayat stubborns.
Now they are using tactics of khalistani for defaming farmers
Well explained farm bill people should read it first without assumptions it is beneficial for the country.
It's not about HINDU-MUSLIM-SIKH-ISAI-JAINI-BODHI ITS ABOUT FARMERS NOT RELIGION 
Loved this coverage. Are the incredibly high prices of wheat that we are seeing (feb 18, 2022) of 270 euro per Tonne in europe vs 200 one year ago and 350 dollars in USA vs 245 for the average of last year, being translated into better bids to Punjab farmers?
I come from an India where Vir Das openly compares R*pe with Hindu Beliefs but has no guts to speak against actual R*pists.
Common people support farmers, because we can't live on digital foods.
More than 150 farmers have died but no outrage from media.
Basmati rice 1121 is being sold by the farmers at Rs 38 per 1 Kg. My friend works at a trading company. He is making bills of selling that same basmati 1121 at Rs 80 per 1 Kg. And this is without any processing. THe people who auctions in APMC mandies and those who take the crop to the processing mills are the real culprits. Strict rules on how much profit can the sellers make on the crops are necessary.
Now Krishi Kanoon have been repealed. What else they want now ? MSP is not possible.
It is hired people not farmers. It is fully political game. 
First bill mein BHI APMC mein sirf 2 hi crops pe MSP milta hai. But vegetables and fruits pe Nahi. And private Mandi mein BHI MSp ki koi gaurantee Nahi hai. Jin 2 crops pe milta hai uspe BHI Nahi. And new bill k according APMC k middlemen to challe jayege but Jo private mandis mein honge unka kya.
Majority of kisan are against this law .  Don't  lie  PM.
I think next time with consensus and with little modifications  these farm laws 
Enterprising farmers are making 50-60 laks per year with less than 2 acre land. They need to identify which crop gets more money and not depend on traditional methods of agriculture. But these farmers project themselves as they are helpless. Help is given by government and NGOs. Do some research and grow cash crops.
The speaker (Meghnath or Amit Sepngupta) in that video makes the same error, which Yogendra Yadav makes all the time.  He confuses "speaking calmly" with "speaking logically".  By the way the video is full of  socialist logic that  corporates have nothing better to do with their life than to exploit the farmers.  Why is it that farmers are only exploited by corporates and never by the "managers" by the APMCs ?  
Congratulations harp farmer team good work
Protest is happening because of Middle men from Punjab are scared of giving up on the commission money, and sadly few farmers join them for protesting against the injustice which has not been happened to them and probably there could be a better system that gov might be planning for farmers. 
In India the farmers are the backbone of the country. And if the gov doesn't invest in the interest of these farmers then the nation is headed for an impending catastrophe.
It's good give options to farmers,. But it upto Farmers to decide.. don't failed miserably with Demonetization ,GST and inflation that Citizens and farmers can't trust when deal with roti and food
Nobody likes to sit on the road in freezing cold unless its a matter of life or death , which it actually is for the farmers.. and the country needs to understand that corporatization of food supply with monopoly of big players is going to hurt every individual in the long run.. because wheat cannot be grown in kitchen gardens..
For non Indians Kindly support punjab haryana famers in India.....it is do or die for us....raise your voice for us ......your support is much needed
Bro indeed this farmers are well to do because in india only punjab and haryana farmers were beneficial of msp not other states if msp would have been applied to every state of the country other farmers would have been as posporus as em ..
OP, Why Amit Rules because we Research deep I support BJP but not in here as it is loss for us too. I had explained the same but not this deep, There is something more to it. As it will remove the cost given directly to the farmer earlier which was not evaluated with the Taxes which causes a way money hoarder to convert black money to white.  and BJP will not allow that black money to get involved against them in the  upcoming election so the bill going to be implemented anyhow.
All bills seem to be in favour of farmers and agriculture business. Then why are the farmers protesting or they are misguided and funded by the traders of APMC?
Save Farmers Save India
Small farmers would again have to go to these Dalals and sell vegetables where
There must be politics behind this. If Capt Amrinder Singh comes to power in coalition with BJP, the farm laws would be implemented again. 
29:15 People calling Farmers terrorists? look at the way and the love with which they are offering food
Farmers must be given health support money even if they are healthy after age 65 in India of at least 6-9k a month, if they do farming for longer.
1. They might not get adequate demand for their produce at MSP in local mandi
Covid comes only in non-violence protests. Election rallies mei covid kaha jata hai
Well. Can this be the speech of a Prime Minister, I wonder. His speech however truly exhibits his Chaewala origin. Modi's suo moto action & instantaneous declaration is completely a mismatch to the basic tenet of democracy both in terms of government' duty & peoples' rights which are the primary to any democracy. Consider for example, the three Farm Acts were introduced unilaterally & taken back following the same route. Modi's allegiance to democracy had always been next to zero. Though Modi initially claimed to be a Post Graduate, overnight the issue became a polemic one but after much controversy & confusion, the issue finally settled down to " Primary School Dropped out ". This duality of his character, duality of being a blocked illiterate & religious fanatics in one hand & Insatiable lofty yearning to become "I am the monarch of all I survey"- Dictator, forced him to commit insurmountable mistake one after another leading to erosion & decay in every physiognomy of our motherland-- social, cultural, political economic, Education,administrative-- all & spare none. Damage done by Modi will require decades to recover.
Love and Support from Muslim Community for Farmers  #Resignpmmodi #Resignbjp
Modi Govt tried to ramrod their way with Farm Bills. No discussion, no consultation with stakeholders who would be impacted by these bills, no debate in Parliament before the introduction of the bills. Even if these Bills were good, these were not passed via due process or were rather forced on them. 
How is a fall in percentage of GDP contribution of agriculture a sign of fall in income of farmers? There are other ways that the contribution can fall, with other businesses growing rapidly.
Need of the hour is to pull people out of farming. India has excessive farm employment rate.
Entire northeast is our farmers Go for it my dear brothers we are alwys with you...My dad is a farmer, and so do I.
He described all the deeds done by so called FARMERS excluding highjack of red fort in Delhi into " Violent accident ".
Bbc is the real news channel in india thanks for this we are Farmer's not terrorist
I am Chinese and stand with Indian farmers
We are proud of our farmers..BJP spread so manyriots earlier...cant trust politicians now
So middlemen, Communist Parties,  opposition parties, and Khalistanis got together and misled poor farmers. 
This is next level of control and poverty waiting at the doorstep if Indian people dont unite and fight against these laws. India already has millions of its citizens living below the poverty line and its one of the top nations in increasing hunger.
1. No minimum support price mentioned in the bill though BJP verbally tell M.S.P will be given but they are not mentioning it in bill.
I think 12:15 was election manifesto of BJP govt. As news was of 2018 punjab elections.. it's been 5 years since
Now head of kisan union fighting election so political driven kisan andolan ? Watch ramnik Singh Mann on kisan andolan
I really appreciate the new law made my the government. Government has really done a great job. In the new law it is mentioned that farmers can sell their corps by their own price. At first farmers used to sell the crops at whatever price they were given by the buyer but now they can sell their corps by their own price. Only farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting, on other hand farmers from the states like Maharashtra, uttarpradesh, tamilnadu, Karnataka, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and many other states are really appreciating this new law.
You are discussing about farmers 
It's kinda misleading to say "Indian Farmers" as if it applies to farmers across India. 
Mumbai, you have the richest families overlooking and feeding off the poor. Respect the farmers!
Why these government can't put the price all goods one third above all total costs of farmers .
Maybe there are a few issues with the laws, but you can't outright ask to withdraw the laws that can potentially help millions of other farmers in the country. Punjab/Haryana farmers have already been benefitting for many years... you need to let others also prosper.. A federal govt has to look after the benefits of farmers in the entire country, not just one region... Think logically.. not emotionally..!
4. Why Modi govt didn't consult Farmer's unions before passing the laws??
The upcoming elections in 2022 are going to be held in 5 Indian states. One among them is Uttar Pradesh. It has the maximum share of members in the parliament in both the upper & lower houses. PM modi also won from one of the constituencies of UP. In the upcoming UP election, a decisive number of seats come from western UP where the protest is at its peak. In Indian politics, whoever wins UP assembly elections, decides the power sharing in the succeeding National election. If Modi's party looses it, he will loose his PM seat eventually. So now hope it is understood why Modi had to finally make a U-turn. He has betrayed the citizens at every turn with extensive pro-corporate policies & selling govt agencies. Now he will have to pay for it!
Ye modi govt ka decline suru ho gya this decision is destroy bjp govt
Being a farmer's son today my subscription to your channel is paid  off today Bro
Indians plz unite against this TYRANT GOVERNMENT
*Kyu, aaj kya bologe.....Kisan, Majdur bhaiyo ko **#Aatanki**, **#Khalistani**, **#Terrorist**, **#Naxalist**, **#Maoist**, **#Agentof** **#Pakistan** **#China** bulane waale dalal bikao **#GodiMedia** **#ZeeNews** **#RepublicWorld** **#RebublicBharat** **#WionNews** **#AajTak** **#IndiaTV** **#TimesNow** **#IndiaToday** **#News18** **#SudarshanNews** **#TV9Bharatvarsh** waale. Shame on you* 
I am son of farmer .. its really helpful bill for us ... ek ek step pe positive negative hogi ... focus only positive... middle man ka corruption hadd par tha ... yeah jaruri tha ... bahut acha hua .... MsP to sirf name ka hi hai ... everything depend on quality .. quality pe paisa milega..
This protest is only to glorify Khalistan and nothing else. Why only Punjab and Punjabis have the problem? Other states farmers are good with the bills and for this they also started support by doing tractor rallies in UP.
But question also is if there was ever a support from a section of farmers, they should have come out in the open, since they kept quiet, now its all gone.
Thanks to Modi ji for bringing agricultural
Indian media: farm laws are........oh money. As I was saying all hail modi.
This is a fact that congress always accept criticism but modi govt says aap desh virodhi ho
Good Law . Bad Deployment ! Sad. Shows slamming laws down someones throat doesnt make it real. Consensus building through democratic means involving all relevant stake holders while can be slow and painful is the right strategy for India. People clamoring for muscling up strategy on any issue over consensus building approach should know India is too fragmented and diverse in its view points to be strong armed into one. This would have been the best time for Bjp to use its cadre to do drives related to benefits of these laws rather than employing rhetoric. Nevertheless the last part of what PM said gives me hope. All party committe while could set us back by sometime, should atleast get us some part of these laws back if not all. To the nay sayers of these laws , i want to say one thing. Market economics is the only reason why this country has developed in the last 30 years. To move against that would mean agriculture would continue to slip as a percentage of gdp.  We dont want to be a food importing nation again. Lets be 'together'and do what it takes to revive this sector.
Farmers are Real Soldier - Salute to them ! 
2. But if trade happens through State APMC mandis then there are various charges. For example commission agents (arhatiyas) get 2.5%, State Govt imposes mandi charges and cess which gives them Revenue BUT all these charges get built in the price and ultimately the 135 crore consumers suffer in terms of higher prices. So, if the trade move out of these APMC Mandis (till 5th June no one was allowed to trade outside APMC), then who is at LOSS???. 
1) structure of Contract between farmer and private company
So it's good, Let the free market work. When governments set prices they ruin the economy. It never works. Props to India.
Salute to our farmers of Punjab
Salute...to you Farmers.
because modi is enough to make india into many pieces.
1. You have not pointed out the large crores deviating in mandi market so as a consumer I am paying 50 rs for 1 kg potato and farmer getting rs 5 for 1 kg. 
We have seen the way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day. This region was in the thick of Khalistani activism in the 80's Activist attacked the transiting vehicles as they tried to escape in their vehicles. Sikh We have seen they way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day.migrant farmers own and occupy large tracts of Benami farm lands owned by clearing forest and pastoral lands in the Terai regions fearing government action there has been conflicts over several decades.
There is another loophole with msp ( my thoughts, plz enlighten if otherwise) msp is to encourage farmers to grow specific crops that otherwise are not so lucrative. If msp is enforced will it not stop the farmers to try new crops and be in the loop of ensured msp crops. We were importers of wheat and paddy and now we are growing them in excess. Probably it's high time to give msp on pulses and oil seeds instead. ( Or similar crops which come under basic needs and are imported)
People will still find way to blame Modi  Lets see what topic congress bring next and how much farmer get richer. If people are still not happy after 6 months then it was them not Modi 
Sikkh Farmers are warriors; They are Pride of India 
Let's ask them to explain what farm bill is lol
It is good for you that you are not much famous in India. Else you would have been termed as 'khalistani' by the BJP.
I never had so much clarity about farm bills ever before!
Waheguru mehr kre....te modi nu pichna htna pena...va ....delhi police...r killing farmers....by shooting bullets & tghse godi media channels r not showing this...and they had jammed all mobile networks in delhi...
Don't be surprised if Akshay plays a lead role in a farmers protest and wins against the fascist government.
Tell us what WE can possibly do to help the farmers! You are right about how important are farmers to the planet. The hidden issue is the globalization or control of foods by large corporate entities. I am so glad that the farmers are fighting... they are truly fighting for ALL citizens of the planet. The use of chemicals by corporatists and patent seeds would give them Total Control of our lives..... We might all fight.
Present UP's government increased msp of sugarcane which was just only 10 rupees per tone and sugarcane's  factories started controlling this msp price on the basis of sugar produced per tone of sugarcane.
in india only farmers of punjab grow crop ?
Sorry ambani -adani .... Congratulations farmer ....
hume sab dikhta he aap bjp Congress sab chor ho koi bhi desh or kisan ka bhla nhi cahte bass apka naam kese bne politics me app log kese history or power me kese aoo bass yahi apke mnsha he or kuch nhi dum ho toh aisa kro jiss se greeb logo ko achew  life style good income  jobs and basic needs full fill kro 
You shouldn't have compared only the number of farmers with USA's population but also the system being followed by USA related to selling of crops by farmers.
This is just hurt Indian ecnomy and India's ground water and also farmers. It's increase broker and Monopoly of two crop wheat and rice.
All country help Indian's farmers. BJP ruling party Killing farmers humanity,
I know farmers are concerned but instead of demanding to repeal the whole act but specific amendments should be carried out which is denied by farm leaders.Therefore farm leaders need to be more sensitive to this issue.
There should be a MRP below which no one can buy crop from farmer whether it is in mandi or to FCI
At current rates for about 90,000 tractors, the estimated cost for just ONE DAY is beyond 40-Cr...!!! Who is funding this ?? farmers seems poor.
It is early to comment anything, things will be amended as time will go, currently contract farming is good option, there after is govt will amend as per farmer requirement. Hope so
Its not farmers protest its an ipen hotels
Big Victory to farmers 
Why -India's- Punjab's Farm System Is Failing
The government's new farming laws were bound to rile the farmers.
MSP already fix hai. But Minimum purchase price MPP for any body kahtee to thik rehta. Koi baat nahin jo poora video dekhee ga samaj jaye ga. Aap ke knowledge ka level achchha rehta ha. Bohat achchha lagta ha. I like it. 
Just to point out Milk was never under any Mandi's or MSP. It makes good profit for farmers and so many players are their in this market. It is not held by one or group of corporate entities
When we consider North indian farmers , most of them are not aware of the marketing possibilities, in short they become dependent on middle mens.
The video clearly shows that the broken windshield(0:06) even before the crash. This shows that the  convoy was attacked, and the convoy with a broken windshield (meaning with partial visibility) was running away from confrontation. The video also shows that the farmers at this spot were ready for the convoy with bricks(maybe to throw at the convoy or it's occupants).
I will vote BJP because Yogi is the greatest CM ever but he needs to take action against the minister and his son!!
15 minutes of drivel.  Since only 6% of produce is covered by apmc, why are the remaining 94% not protesting?  The 6% that wants to continue using apmc can do so.  And your experts solution to set a minimum price (apmc or otherwise) is bound to fail.  Basic economics- you dont subsidize products that are not required, which is the Punjab problem.  Continue to over produce rice and wheat, kill your fields.  Exactly whats happening in the west, till you cant grow anything else.  Then show up on the streets.  Great!  I am thankful there are saner people , including the rest of the farmers in this country that call BS on these so called farmers protests
What he is telling all lies . He is sitting in AC room his thinking like this. First tell what benefit farmet getting. What this fellowing all benefits to big people not farmer
There hasn't been any significant farm or agricultural reform by the federal Indian Government in more than 40 years...if you've got a problem with this bill, come forward to discuss to make it better...arm wringing tactics like blockades won't help.
This is no different than farming in the US, the farmers just get a little more profit.
5. Economy of scale is required - but 85% farmers are S&M (Small & Marginal)
For all three laws which Farmers still have an option to go back and sell in mandi , I don't understand why still there is a concern.
BJP Is blind with arrogance,  Yogi has messed up, Yogi should resign
Very well explained sir! ...Send this video to @Elvishyadav who has very poor knowledge about the farm bills and still made video. This kind of people are very biased and narrow minded thinkers.
Ultimately AI will replace me inevitably and the onus is with me to change with changing demand. Same goes with farmers.
By 2024 no students ..no farmers and no doctors will vote for bjp
Get your facts right. There are 29 states in India. Only farmers of two states, that is Panjab and Haryana are protesting against farm laws, theyre not even 5% of farmers.  27 states have  not joined the protest. Why,   Because they benefit from farm laws. 90% of the farm subsidy given by the government is eaten by these two states.
India was discussing about this bill for last 30 years.
For every 1 farmer protesting, there are 4 farmers who support the farm laws :)
Modi want javan n kisan to fight shame on this govt
Oh English hindi mem dont teach copy and paste, this we or all world know farmers bill past and present just answer it simply what is safer for mandi dalal vs private buyers, who good farmer
5) Besides not all crops have MSP even today. So what happens to those farmers? And also, that GOI would need to buy the crops to support the food security bill anyways, right? So isn't this in effect the insurance that farmers need?
#WeStandWithFarmers
In Last year 2nd season due to rains and floods max produced crop was damaged and the govt made us to purchase that with high price to avoid backslash from farmers. At the end of the year instead of supporting us, govt reduced the max broken rice content in processed rice (18 -> 10%). Due to that we made a loss of 40L in 6months. It happened to every miller associated with APMC in AP.
Way to go "THE Lallantop". Keep up the good work & big thanks to our Haryana Brothers for supporting the cause. Loads of Love from the USA.
I support farmer protest, please keep on doing this or else i will have to leave my job and start doing journalism thought i dont know how to but atleast i can show truth
formers will become slave if this black laws implemented. First Introduce MSP to farmers.
Farmers are the ones feeding us in this earth so they should be treated well , farming is there source of income
4. Biggest change in new bill is that, any farmer can now sell anything to any buyer. Legalised *monopoly cannot stand* according to new bill.
Congratulations to Farmers and Congress. This is due to fear of loosing the forthcoming elections.  Prayer to Martyr Farmers for their sacrifice.
 pressure on easier language of contracts keeping farmers' right (monitoring protection of plant varieties and farmers' right act,2001) in mind.
I support farmers 
Also, you keep harping on the fact that by giving farmers the freedom to sell outside the SPMC mandis, & thru contract farming, prices at the consumer retail level will shoot up.
Truly disappointed now only Punjab and Haryana will enjoy others will suffer... I can't imagine repercussions of this fall out so many business ventures will take a hit and agro tech economy will slow down .
Once again Punjab saved Indian democracy.  Wake up lazy Middle class.
Right PM Modi ji.  Good Three Law farm
Free Punjab and haryana  UK supports 
U might be a BJP supporter. 6minutes of Ur video made me very very angry . Do u think it's just fear of farmers and ignorance that is making them protest ??? Ooty train was privatized. Previously to go on that toy train on the hill ticket cost was 200 rs . After this line is privatized by a business group and now the cost is 2500rs. Govt won't interfere if it's privatized. Now tell me how the public is beniffitted from this. Shame on u
So , many anti- BJP comments..... I am wondering how BJP is winning elections even having a good amount of opposition among youngesters 
Fast forward today, there has been a spike in the registered overall production of wheat and rice in Punjab and Haryana.....not because of the Farm Laws isn't it? No, because the Opposition parties are in power in these states......So I wonder how?.....
Why protesting when MSP support being retained.. Hope government conveys this to farmers and clear their doubts and fears..
Centre need to handle these protests by so called farmers mercilessly. This is high time now. Wonder if they are true farmers
 Doesnt sound like an apology. More like, whoops, we got caught with our corrupt hand in the cookie jar, but, all you farmers who called us on it, are still wrong.  
Key takeaway: The price of food will rise (which Mr Sengupta mentioned), while the price paid to the farmers will fall (which Mr Sengupta should have, but has not, mentioned)--the only gainers will be the middle-man corporations that have the resources to rig the market, the government, the regulators, the courts, and the news media. That's why it's in the interest of the farmers as well as consumers to force the government to cancel these bills.
He put the life if all farmers in country in risk for next 20 years
Did you cover contract 2nd bill : farming disadvantage and 3rd bill: where stocking of food will be legal do you think these 2 bills are good for farmers and janta
I am son of farmer myself and believe me this is sad day for farmers .Maybe good for punjab farmers but not good for all other Indian farmers. 
Withdrawl of laws is a Big loss to Indian farmers and common sense. Big win for anarchists and those who wish to farmers in perpetual poverty. Now no politician will dare to reform this sector
The only bright side I found - some khalistanis  lost opportunity to spread anti india narrative. 
A big salute to our farmers.. But our dear Prime Minister didn't utter a single word for our 700 farmers who sacrificed their lives for this agitation!!!
Why is PUNJAB's* Farming system is failing?
Social people what ever need that company know through the survey or electronic system, company told to farmers grow this one. 
Finally I have seen something Positive about this Topic. I have also thought about this, why only Farmers in Punjab and Haryana are protesting? Why not the Farmers in UP and Bihar? When 70% Farmers are from UP and Bihar.
These laws will even worsen the situation of small farmers. And MSP should be guaranteed to all 52 crops, as agriculture still depends totally on climatic conditions. 
You showing the some video clips which was taken by indian godi medias[ who work for govt only] check other videos and then say somthing
Full Support to farmers from Tamils
Just ask them what are the contents of farmer's bill against which they are protesting and they will get panic
It is survival of farmers - sikh jaat hindu muslin everyone..... Wholehearted support 
Very well explained the government should leave optional to enter into a agreement this way farmer can choose his land he can fix the price
Before saying anything about farmers protest please read the farmers bill. Then tell about it.
Loss to the farmers and farming sector because of the bad politics of modi who failed to present the benifits of farm laws . But a great win for the democracy indeed.
PS: I have watched more than 6-7 videos, read 2-3 articles on farm bills but many of them lacked something or the other (especially in terms of information).
One other question nobody has answered is why only Punjab, Haryana and a part of UP farmers are agitating. Why not in Bengal where the TMC is strong or in Maharashtra or in TN where the people chant all the time "Go Back Modi"??  There is no traction at all in TN, Karnataka, Kerala (where again BJP has zero presence) or in AP. Why?
Politician - we are doing good for farmers 
Modi does not care about the sikh farmers Punjabi farmers. Its the truth
Mandis the place were farmers sell their crop get paid 10 cent a pound and same crop is later then sold in market by this Mandi owners for 40cent a pound. Now Modi removed mandis(middle man) farmers are able to sell directly.
The jealousy and selfishness of the farmers of Punjab and Haryana has cost all the other farmers and states , shame ,nda govt , shame you gave into these acts of vandalism and terror .
Farmers Won!
Farmers are always suffering....
Dear Sir, Are you interpreting the essential commodity act correctly? As far as I know, the law gives clearance for storage only to the Food Processing companies. It is applicable only to direct farm produce. Mustard oil is not a direct farm produce. So unlimited storage is not allowed. Only companies who produce mustard oil are allowed to store mustard in unlimited quantities.
Soo.... Anti modi propaganda won..... Farmers cut their own feet
There are many comments which show only one side of farm bills and it's sort of deceptive. Here is the complete list of pros and cons of farm bills.
Farmers protest ye khalistani
Corporate can't be confused with cartels. In cartels/ middleman, nobody knew what was happening all dark till now. 70years of farmers exploitation. In last few years govt made mandatory to pay farmers in bank accounts, that too was protested. When asked to give the list of farmers with info about land holdings, that too was protested.
You said that Bihar's farmers sold their produce for a lesser price than the other states after the abolition of APMC. That makes sense because the government of other states purchased the crops at MSP at the expense of tax payer, at a higher price than a private entity would pay without MSP.
This is an unbelievable, If judiciary is live in India then immediately arrest warrant release both ministers and his son.
Indian democracy  failed. Stand with farmers.
Mr Dhruv,  can you explain to viewers on why these so called farmer leaders choose to abandon these three farm laws completely. Initially govt said to talk on these attributes and agreed to do all such changes in the law in favor of farmer.. This is rational approach. An you are just a kid and talks with half true facts which I believe is as good as lying to your viewers.
Why do media outlets keep saying 10's of thousands of protestors are protesting the farmers bill? When on the 26th November 2020 its stated that 250 million people protested India nationwide? The media outlets (even Vox in this case) seem to be seriously downplaying HOW many people in India are protesting.
Vox should get their facts right...after the reform in Bihar in 2006 Agriculture has grown immensely in Bihar.. you can refer the statistics provided by Shekhar Gupta on Print..Majority of Indian farmers haven't benefitted from MSP..that's why the farmer protest is only in Punjab and Haryana
Farmers are miserable everywhere.
You only spoke about APMC/MSP related topic...
But I'm no agriculture professor or expert farmer, so I figure there must be some reason as to why this fairly obvious solution hasn't been adopted.
Let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your Family directly or indirectly.
If make msp legal the price the food and grain price go higher consumer make things costly
Farmers are hardworking. WHY CANNOT THEY SETUP AGENCY AND SELL THEIR PRODUCT DIRECTLY CONSUMERS. BYPASSED THE MIDDLEMAN THEY ARE THE ONES MAKING ALL THE WEALTH. SOME INTELLECTURES NEED TO COME OUT TO CHAMPION PROGRESS AND HELP HIS COUNTRYMEN.
why not ask these fools what are farmers demands? why not ask these fools to reply only after reading the demands? why not ask these fools if they know how many time government called them for point by point discussion, which so called farmers (?) refused many time? Why not ask these fools how come poor farmers can protest so long, so are they really farmers or ????
It's hard to put MSP for such a large diverse country like ours. But privatising Agriculture had shown positive results for great economies like China when we look back in history. APMC may have started with a good initiative but look holes are been found and exploited. Let us all not forget how flawed the system was in lockdown, where products were getting wasted due to storage Etc.  Most state govt is worried about their cut, in the end farmer gets what he is served. This is high time for the country to take the leap.
Bro...your point are exactly up to the Mark..but you missed a big point..there is an opportunity  for the APMC in this bill... This is the right time to strengthen the APMC as a buyer ..( by the state government)..then the problem is solved...if the APMC gives a better price farmers will sell their items to them..
@8:30  companies will not try to reduce contract price ,. They will decide the rate not the farmers after AMPC mandis ends....
If Corporations break their contract, Farmers can't go to the Court against them, If Farmers can't provide (deliver) by the contract then Corporations can Seize their Land. Wow!
It is an eye opener for everybody to know exactly about farm bills.My advise is to translate it in all Indian languages for every Indians (Non English speaking mass)to understand the subject and than agitate against the negative points for amendment if any instead of blindly coercing  the Government for withdrawal  and holding Delhiites to ransom .
Bjp : tries to suppress farmers 
I doubt that Americans know how important it is to pay attention to this story. The unity that is being displayed by these people is the blueprint that you will have to follow if the time ever comes that you want to make change happen. This is how democracy is won. You might be okay living in a country without democracy America, but apparently these farmers are not.
Free electricity .... subsidised furtiliser... free water..... no income tax...... full dadagiri ..... and they behave as they are giving free grains to public......Public buy....  India in 1947  adopted free market economy. The basic principal  of economics says that "price is decide by demand and quality and supply"  .....
Sir,  I am a son of farmer.  Same Obstacles  I was facing for many years,  I most of time went to MSP but MSP refuses  to take it and ultimately we had to sell it low cost. 
Trevor bro , iam from India and it sad what's going on in our country.....hope decision is made in favour of farmers ......at last I am your huge fan bro
It's about a certain community of one particular state's protest, the state that exports it's agriculture fruit to US and here he's exaggerating it as whole Indian farmers are against the law..  His own race is not safe in US, stop being popularity/money minded, work lil bit for your local first..
Those who support these protect first study farm law before commenting or supporting any side.  No one open eye last 70 year when farmers doing mass sucides because there is no reform. Now reform is here ? Why protect?
Maam what's the difference b/w minimum selling price and minimum support price?
only election matters nothing else not even the life of farmers.
Essential commoditiel varuthuna changes thane  Adani group, Reliance group enee vankedaa corporate kalee boost up chyananu, Indian karshakree velkukayanuu bjp Sarkar chyeunathuu
Respect to the PM for understanding the gravity of the situation. This is the finest thing about democracy wherein ultimately the voice of the people to be heard. Can understand reasons for repealing some farm laws but I still believe that the laws were good for indian agriculture. Do admire govt's efforts. Reform isnt easy sometimes. We must still try.
Thnx BBC for support farmers
Love n support from Lahnda punjab n Punjab university Lahore ! 
The risk of quality criterion and risk of rejection in contract farming also needs to be explained.
Support Indian farmers from Australia
Farmers are the power  of Politics and farmer are powerful than Prime minister 
The big mistake of Modi's govt was not the farm laws. The govt had clarified the situation with the MSP but the sole argument of the farmers was that the govt should've deliberated the laws with farmer committees and there should've been constructive debate in the parliament. I think the laws were beneficial but the process of passing the laws were the one that failed them. This govt is really good at taking impulsive decisions but they aren't good at the marketing and the implementation of them. I hope this doesn't occur with the NEP 2020 because it is very important to develop our education sector.
In the Mandi system all the profit goes not to farmers but to the middlemen and many farmers wanted an option to get independent and sell out of Mandi ... So only a large percentage of farmers have supported the laws and the ruling party i.e BJP won all the state polls and bye polls with a huge margin held after the introduction of farm laws.
How can anyone be anti-farmer? Its like those people that think true detective season 2 was better than season 1 youre just like how the fk are you a thing??
Congress, NDTV trying best to use Farmers to gain profit.  What happened with farmers is unfortunate and know which govt can do better for them and nation. We are not blind nor logic less.
Now Please upload on repeal of farm laws ..
Ambani Adani will not buy FROM  farmers. They will import palm oil(or any other commodity from any country) store in the warehouses in front of mandis,  and sell TO farmers.
people living in big cities can not feel how the farmers are suffering
Am happy, Atlast !! even farmers are being  sound and loud and being heard
The farmers are in the wrong here. Modi has had to overturn laws created by the British where the government has to buy all production at a minimum price which has caused massive overproduction and storage problems with corruption all along the way by middlemen between the government and the farmers. It had to be done and I applaud Modi for taking the correct steps to remove these archaic laws.
Farmers are fighting for country
Here Modi government is with favour of billionaire Ambani and Adani They doubled their wealth . Our countries GDP dipped by 23.9 % in Q1 2020-21.while he
The farm laws are not harming the farmers in anyway. And why is it that only one state in India has a problem with this and every other state is ok. Its only khalistani supporters who want to cause problems for the Govt.
#WeSupportFarmers
Dear farmers your enemies are not only Ambani,Adhani,Modi but also RSS Be safe and struggle i support you sisters and brothers
Finally after 14 months narender modi repeal the three farmers Bill's on auspicious occasions of guru nanak dev jayanti.
Major part of educated delhites are wise enough to understand the problem of the farmers
2. By this new farm bill PDS system will be affected?
PM Modi would cowed down to anything.He repealed farm laws.A frightened PM fearing break up of the Union from 3 cornersHe may even put back article 370 to restore Kashmiri autonom.
If dung and urine are used in crops then what will BJP supporters eat?It's Realy Unjustice Man
Thanx for supporting farmers 
when govt is,assured farmers will getbetter price then make MSP as guarantee,whats the problem
Very well explained and it was not biased . I think its time people should consider it for themselves if these laws are in good interest or not. And I hope they come to the same conclusion as me that the agitating farmers are merely not protesting for themselves but for common people like us as well.
SO, before you comment, think WHY the REST OF INDIA FARMERS are NOT part of the protest.
Im pissed..and kn awe of what the farmers had to resort to and how they r coping with this shit the govt is putting them thru. Please join them as its not just abt the farmers anymore. The democray is headed to a totalitarian rule now and im afraid it will not stop just here. We need to stand up for their fundamental rights...coz tomorrow we might have to do it for ourselves
Sharique bro ...I think farmers must go to the regulated market .. and  if anyone offer more than MSP then sell it on out side market ... farmers can use both opportunities... thats my suggestion... great video bro... keep going
Those who are thinking that farmers are doing wrong then for one day work like a farmer on a land. 
Every time India sit for meals ..see their farmers blood in their plate..
Farmers protesting 
the failure here is of the government much more so than the farmers.
Before farm bills kisaan sells something at rs 10 and we get it on rs 50 
I would recommend you to watch the film 'Maharshi', second half is completely farmers related and great approach was shown to tackle poor farmers problems.
 BBC and Alzazeera which are talking like a Pseudo secular artists. Always anti to Indian Government. 
What a drama,  though it's a victory for for farmers. Wonder what bakth will say, they  called farmers as terrorists.  This can't end here, to say our country bjp should be defeated in UP.
what I feel common person should also joint this fight. Where the agitation leader r failing is they r not using social media to explain how u have explained neither the opposition leaders are. Opposition leader only talk about Ambani and Adani that this bill is good for these two but how, no explanation. Salute u sir. Ur explaination is not like supporting some one, just making the points in the bill clear.
Achha kiye apne ye laws retract karliye,  aagar laws galat the to wapas leke apke jit huyi aur agar achhe the to bhi apki hi jit huye, apne kaushish to ki. Let the farmers take their decision of their own  future. Haar jit ka feishla unko khudko karne de
Is it true that they are demanding for khalistan ? Some people are coming up with this thing and some videos of Punjabis speaking against india
This incident surely changed our perception of farmers as helpless and ignorant lot.
Those who understands bills are supporting farmers protest, rest will repent when food grains will be out of reach for the common citizens, eg  education, health, Jio, oil, telecom, aviation, railway....etc due high rise of prices
Vice news shows the problem of india what paid media or godi media didnt.
mentioned in the farming agreement itself, and in case, such price is subject to variation,
And the laws which people claimed are "evil", and claimed "victory" by canceling them, were made exactly to diversify the cropping patterns. Which other country has MSP? Rich Farmers are paying ZERO Tax, as farming income cannot be taxed in India. 
Furthermore, he  also mentioned that life of farmers in UK and US are deteroriating. Having lived in UK and studied there and I clearly know the life of farmers in Western countries are much better off compared to India or any other developing countries. They are filthy rich. Most of them are millionaires.
Biggest win of our farmers 
The whole issue of the new ordinance is that farmers won't get MSP and the APMC will eventually demolish. Why? Central isnclearly saying they will get MSP, if nothing. you have more options now and if nothing MSP will be there. 
I am with the farmers
more than a million farmers protesting under extreme weather conditions for almost three months and govt don't give a shit... then violence is just... blame it on the deaf ear authorities not farmers
Farmers are protesting in the name of MSP, but nowhere in the list I see that mentioned, why ...?
Farmers              Subsidy 
I'm sad for the country like India where reforms like these are discouraged and on the same hand people expect economic development or sectoral development..... It's just absolute loss to our country that these laws are being repealed
Ma'am you're so intelligent. I think you can convience the farmers .Im impressed
Big loss to farmers...but also end of all hope for opposition to win ..
Now we need a strong and good farmer bill which is made with proper discussion, research for the benefit of farmers. 
In this bill, farmers can not sue the corporates in court and they only have the right to go to SDM. Do you think SDM has more power than those rich corporates.
Only and only punjab and haryana kisan are protesting, other states farmers are totally in support of reforms..
Small Farmers didn't choose to support these Farm Laws which were for their best interests.
How retailers will earn if we start purchasing products from farmer as such its a chain, if we break a chain and directly connect it with manufacturers how they will be able yo earn??
Ye 90% garib kisan or pure desh ki har he india 4th generation warfare me bhot piche he isko hi 4th gen war bolte he anti national ko kharidke kuch bewkuf +anpad logo support leke country ko andar se kamjor karo
No farmers no food
international price of the goods. After 2010 the minimum support price 
each person had to understand that the second generation or the generation at a certain age is a farmer this generation I can't even talk to him at all I can't talk he can tell me what that person wants I don't talk to anyone can still stand and I do not know I do not know one I say no no and no and not so I am interested in the second generation and the generation close to the first they do Agriculture and more than that each person must understand that it's not easy to work on the whole Planet And of all to give you this position I don't want this position and I never wanted this function I have to understand every person I will try I will try I don't promise to anyone but I won't give in to some people there to sell drugs no no no I will not often you anyway I sent to the president and I sent the word that I will not give in for a few words for them can not stand dead and maybe you'll stay in the bear's head well, I won't stop democracy
I really  don't  understand  the paranoia about  the new farmer's bill! I am coffee  grower. Decades before  we had to sell our products to a public  body similar  to APMC. But all the farmers  here got together  and protested  against  it to change  the system.  Once the private  players  were allowed  to trade our income  drastically  increased.  Similar  thing will happen  here too. I agree you hate modi for certain reasons but this is a really  good change.  Just because  of your political  hatred  don't  spread  misinformation  and add fuel to the fire. If you really  want to support  farmers  just keep aside your political  views and try spreading  awareness about  this really  good bill .
I have never seen such a organized protest....More power to our farmers And samdish and parth just love u guys just love u
Or sare farmers contract farming pr depend ho gaye to mandi rahegi ya nhi aap hi batay
@Vox you need to expand your reseach to hear voices in other states as well. India is a huge country and Punjab and Haryana are not the only states that we have. If you go to a state like Bihar you will get to know that no farmer can just choose to produce what he wants. Sounds unfathomable right but this is what the traders and mandis impose on them. They dictate what the farmers must produce and they also dictate when farmers can sell(not when the farmers want but when they want). There are not enough cold storages in other states and small farmers are always exploited by so called Mandis and traders. There are many new food processing companies coming up and they would like to procude directly from farmers, while cutting the middle man. The middle man should have been the focus of your video.
Don't know what is the reality but... Save Farmer 
         OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal. 
firstly bbc should display cops brutal violence on farmers on gazipur border
Don't know when India PM Modiji will address open media.. Bus maan ki baat kerte hain.. 
before watching this i was opposing kissn but now after watching i just supporting kisan and opposing government neta log kabhi bharat ko develop naho hone dega
3:13 this is the bjp government versus farmers ..
Killing is not a crime anymore but u need to be a bjp supporter.
The is the best video I can recommend to anyone talking anything about farm bills to watch before giving any opinion.
14:30 While it is true that farming is very much subsidized in the US, only a small percentage of the American population is actually in farming and much of agriculture is dominated by large companies. Honestly, I think the problem is that the Indian government should do more to help its citizens move away from agriculture. You cant grow wealth and prosperity from farming in the modern world
The majority protests are from punjab and haryana that had favourable MSP and a well regulated government support structure.
Endless Salutes to those ALL FARMERS FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART WHOM SAVED OUR Coming Generation's Future while living & Struggled for dem in Present ,  Jai Kisaan , Jai Jawaan
One word summarizes this video: "Disinformation". Coming from farmer's family, I know how the mandi (APMC) gangs up and forces us to sell our commodities for throwaway price. I still remember my uncle coming back in tears on how the mandi cheated him. We live closer to another district mandi and we cannot even go to that mandi. We are forced to sell at one mandi only. Yes, the same regulated mandi that you shown in the animation. We are stuck to one mandi only. Don't you think you should have mentioned that piece of information?
please arrange some way to help the protesting farmers
Trevor nice presentation filled with half filled stories... Certainly if half of India's population are farmers India should be the graneries of the world but alas we still still import oil seeds and pulses... We should have a high median per capita income among farmers but alas that' not the case... And for matter do explain that what is the role of govt in a democratic setup... Does being so called farmers give unfettered right to block the roads in the name of protest.. I would welcome if an elite black American like u would welcome the black Americans to protest outside ur house for months let's say years as well because they are poor, marginalized and lastly ur so called report does not explain anything about what happened on 26th january... did the govt tried to mediate no comments on that... I am pretty sure this is the cash cow for u as uhave lost Donald Trump who was at the butt of all ur jokes because u didn't liked him
Rakesh Dacoit disliked this Video.
How cunningly ndtv muted the Congress party. Lgta hai ndtv is also godi media
Fact: Mr. Narendra modi is worst PM in Indian history 
SUGGESTION TO SOLVE FARM BILL 2020 ISSUE:
How Jiomart can offer tomatoes at lower price by paying farmers at higher prices. You have to think bro. Contract farming and agreement for fixed price which farmers cannot sell if the market rate is high to customers. Farmers has to sell only to the person who made agreement. So, here farmers losing it. If this bills became legal, there won't be small farmers in India. Whole dynamics will change and becomes monopoly
So if farmers sell directly to traders , how does it gonna exploit them ?? Cutting out mandis and middle man's profit , farmers can get there true value of products and not the recession by mandis .
Indian People deserves it...they choose bjp as their Govt
Looks like BJP has started its campaign for Punjab and UP
It is not a farmer protest, it is a middleman protest.
I have always supported the farm laws. Today India has lost a battle but I hope we win the war. And also I hope this does not become a habit.
I support their protest.....the new farmer bills are inhumane and Anti National...
MODI SHA must meet this guy immediately ....... Any one pls fIX the Meeting.....Jai Hind
Shame on India farmers are dying
Second, all the giant corporates who will enter the market won't ever give 2 fcuks about farmers
Priyanka gandhi must visit Rajsthan where also farmers protests against cm of rajsthan,there police also not stopped her.
As a cricket fan and understanding from your video and explanation; the benefit of doubt should go to the farmer in this case.  Can government (State / Central) can make some standard and simple agreement drafts to help farmers to protect from Special terms and Conditions? 50% and 100% limits are much bigger to control on later states, why cannot these be below 20 - 25%.
Earlier protest was against British rule , now we have to fight against chutiya modi govt
Crux why didnt you show that video when that jeep and fortuner car were running over that farmers..common you were showing every other short clips but why not this main video which shows clearly that they were the real culprits are you also scared from the BJP for showing the truth??? Thats a Shame
I don't know why all this reporting hasn't mentioned the horrendous number of suicides as it is due to Govt induced bad farming practices in Punjab that led to enormous poverty as it is...
If the government is forcing farmers into their fields them they could have done it long time ago they have cut electricity and water after the rally turned violent and few police offers got killed and few got hurt badly and I hope everyone know complete info about the laws but not just outlayer of the protest they both r so different...and after watching this video plz go through real info and laws so that u understand this video gives no complete info of what happening...
Why No Discussion on floor of House.. 700 farmers Died in Delhi agitation.
The farm bill is important but not at this juncture & we have smart farmers who can escalate their future rather than greedy for today.
ALSO THE SUPREME COURT HAS PUT AN ORDER TO STOP THE BILL FOR 2 YEARS AND THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN . BUT THESE PEOPLE JUST WANT TO MOCK INDIA.
Actually the laws will disse most of issues and give farmers free market space
Now Farmers of other states has to struggle because of this selfish punjabi and Haryana farmers
the govt is very bad and is determined to give people pain, especially these poor farmers.
Sadly Indian who were supporting the  so called Kisaan Andolan and  thought all those protests were for good or upliftment of  poor farmers and were done by Poor farmers were just supporting the Big businessmen and entrepreneurs not the real poor farmer.
UP to PUNJAB KISHAN EKTA ZINDABAAD 
Godi media balo save our India, save your family.
The Pain in Eyes Of Baba ji in White Turban...     Farmers The Real God Of India
3. Actually in the last 50 years of this REGULATED agri trade has benefitted the corrupt intermediaries and officials/politicians and they dont want this system to be reformed. Govt should stop procuring at MSP and it should stop giving PDS foodgrains. And just transfer the same benefit in to their account. Everyone will benefit except these agents/corrupt FCI officials/politicians.
even though i'm bengali, my childhood began from Punjab and since then, I have mad respect for the punjabi people. they're loyal, humble, high-spirited, determined. i just love their energy. I'll always have mad respect for Punjab and all the farmers all around the nation!! I hope that all the farmers across the nation gets justice, because they deserve it big time!!!!
Mixed messages about what farm laws impact would have been. Some saying they were good some saying they were bad ......but I think why Farmers are not getting good income overall? Some kind of reforms definitely required
And the farmers
Why government cannot write in bill the  the private player who will buy from farmers have to pay above then MSP minimum support price....
At this point,modi is making india to modia
Kisi se poocho jo law govt leke aaye isme problem kya hain. APMC and mandi is not helping the farmers for last 70 yrs.
Then why farmers are protesting ????? 
This is literally not a good decision... The gov. should stick to their decision... The protest was by very small fraction of the people while most of the population was with modi decision... He should not cancel the decision.... Little disappointment
in case some crop grows so much more then who will buy it at MSP. It eventually get destroyed at farmers house. now in this case corporates export the produce so that a balance resumes and in this process govt also earns tax. at least it is far better than destroy the crops at farmers place. Legally binded MSP is not a godly idea.
1  question .....Do you know according to bill agar koi contractor farmer ko cheat karta ha uski fasal ka pay nahi karta to farmer court ja sakta h......
I am with farmers
3. Setting a price margin for min & max price a commodity can be sold.
Just wait for completion of election in Punjab, Hariyana and UP, these laws will come back with more evil and they will not give a chance even to protest. My appeal to farmers, don't be fooled with this soft face, don't give them another chance or else they will not give you a second chance.
I am with farmers...and kejriwal sir.
On proper quantity , chemical or organic , all fertilisers are same in micro condition ,  some organic brands spreading chemical fear among ignorant poor farmers , for their business ,
Bro BJP ko bhi election jeethna hai aage jaakhe...kya without knowing aise kiya lagtha hai???
Kisan reputation is bigger then Modi 
It could take 2-3 years for this to get implemented in a better manner but this bill was needed, India can't become a $4000 GDPPP or a 10 Trn dollar GDP with rules and regulations of the 1960s and 70s. APMC made sense back then but not anymore.
It should be kept in mind that farmers are the one who gave us food during lockdown.
BJP won the election 
Why world leaders mum on this..... Gvt political dram going on there .. should speak up for farmers in india
You have provided half baked information. One of the  bill is for unlimited storage. This will increases price for common peoples also. You totally skipped that part. Declaring MSP and buying on MSP are two different things.
Quite informative video and thanks a lot ma'am for giving us such an useful description of why we need the farmer bills.
Thkuu for showing farmer real farmer Not like media
Finally people have stand against indian facist regime
Real culprits should be caught, merely blaming BJP is not the answer, I knew congress was waiting for such a chance or made up chance.
   justice for farmers
Why u r clever///PM/// (U only know about tea ) u dont know about (Indian people) no farmers no food 
passengers rightly said," BJP leaders should be attacked instead of making passengers inconvenience " civil war against BJP should start just similar to the time of British Raj by Bhagat Singh
This is a deliberate attempt from Modi regime to out number the strong hold of Sikhs on the Agri-market of India. Punjab being the major producer will be affected more. My wishes for the protestors and I salute their resilience. 
I have been searching for the right Explanation, Thank you, Sir, for a beautiful Lecture regarding the issues of the Farmer's bill.
We are with modi ji
7. Connecting our farmers with local co-operative
The problem with Indian government regarding these farm laws is that farmers have understood the government's ill intentions behind these laws
19. Now , you said that 50% of our population is from Agriculture sector. Do you know what is the Tax our farmers pay. It is Zero. Because agriculture and agricultural income is excempted from Tax.
Direct farmer to buyer contact jabardast rhega
When they wont find better price in open market they can anytime go to mandis to sell at msp . Whats issue in it
capitalism is the way... walmarts are good for people. Sabjiyo ki rate kam hogi or farmers ko bhi paisa milega.
Finally when it comes to playing Politics Modiji & Amit Shahaji are master Politiations.
The laws are good, deregulation will help India grow faster. Demand and supply determine prices, manipulation of prices by government control will only make the problem worse as products with no demand will continue to be produced, hoarding is good, it provides for times of need
PARTY. IT HAS "NOT(A)ED" THAT EVERY DAY IS NOT SUNDAY HENCE BILL GAR VAPSI HOGA, "JAI KISAN"
While no one can defend demonetization but if talking abt GST thn talks were going abt 2 decades so i don't know wht more consultation were needed and while all thing being said abt how complex or arduous is GST being entrepneur nd hav 1st hand experience it's been lot easier nd lot less cumbersome then previous regime nd also less rate of tax as compare to earlier being small business it matters a lot, and talking abt adhaar it has actually been big success in stopping leakages  nd providing direct benefit who need nd ample research hav been done by UN agencies and other NGO of its benefits so i don't see. How it was disaster??? Also while you have enumerated d experience of freeing farmers APMC in bihar bt you conveniently haven't talk abt it's success in maharashtra so to give complete picture so to say. It's not always black and white sumtimes it grey also in fact most of d time  which need 2 b presented as such
Worlds largest protest by worlds bravest community,  A huge respect to farmers and my people 
Congratulations to punjab and UP farmer.  Rest country not bothered about that
 When Modi was about 17 years old, the foundation of the Green Revolution was laid and farmers harvested the first crop of high-yielding wheat.
No rallies. Coz its covid 19 ..but no ques on election rallies n wb n other places coz covid too is scared of indian elctions
Issh desh mein capitalism nehi chalega...India still needs to be a socialist and welfare state...market still needs to be heavily controlled by government...if private wants to buy agricultural products they must buy them under government supervision at mandis by bidding with msp as the base price...whatever remains unsold government has to take responsibility to buy all of them and sell by themselves or distribute through rations...msp for all farm products must be at least 2.5times of input price...and profit for private players must be capped at most at 30%
Mr Dass where are the big farmers in Punjab. Maximum holding is 30 acres..So beg to disagree on your contention of movement of big farmers..
If you don't wanna be a part of bill so there is option not to be a part of it,so why people's are protesting.... people's protesting only from Punjab and Haryana
No farmer asked for this law!!
So farmer's protest is not that much sensible they should first have to see what government has to do with that bill
As a visitor of India, the burning of stubble is one of the most visible aspects of this ecological disaster. Literally as soon as you land it smells like you're close to a forest fire, and it's with you 24/7. I stayed in a nice hotel in Agra and got upgraded to a room with a view of the Taj Mahal, about 1km/0.6mi away. I got in late so couldn't see it in the dark, and the next day I still couldn't see it because of the pollution. Every morning I'd wake up with a stuffy nose and a headache and would blow my nose into a tissue that quickly filled with black snot. It's so oppressive, you can't escape it. Ever seen a worrying air quality index like 100, 150? The scale often goes up to 500 with 300+ being "hazardous", a step over "very unhealthy". In Delhi the AQI often goes over 900, that was the case when I went there and saw it myself. This has a huge impact on the health of people who live there, a Boston College study estimated that air pollution in India resulted in *1.67 million* deaths in 2019, accounting for 17.8% of all deaths in the country. The scale of this disaster is hard to comprehend.
3. Farmers don't want it, so if government is thinking about farmers then they shouldn't make such ammendment, because farmers don't want them.
Most richest farmers are in north India
The buyer /contractor slowly getting their land and assets, finally the farm and farmer become daily wager. This is old system ,they wants to return.
Protesters have not understood the farm laws.  They say Kala Kanoon.  Stop the sloganeering.  Explain what is the Kala in it.  My challenge to these protesters and their supporters is can they explain what is the Kala in it. My take is that these are Modi haters and  they want him out hook or crook.  Modi was democratically elected with a HUGE majority.  And too many have tried unsuccessfully to dethrone him.  Good try and carry on with your failed agenda.
Bill intention is good and modern approach... But need improvement.. Setup intermediate committee who will monitor contracts between buyer and former, until our farmers mature dealing contracts over long run. 
And also no one in that police has any standing to give any assurance...They are plain lying when they are telling the farmers to go back and everything will be sorted!
We want more videos of this farmer protest
You have always supported the Farmer's struggle,.
Who will be held responsible for Suicide of Farmers in Maharashtra and Karnataka ?
Farmers cannot go to courts. They will be allowed to go only to SDM and DC. Corporates again happy as they can bribe people at the SDM & DC.
No wonder India has such a huge wage gap. Rich becomes richer, poor becomes poorer. I wish the best to all those farmers
MSP = minimum support price not minimum selling price maam kindly correct it
I think you are ill informed about the issue. Indian agriculture does need improvement. Just see as per your research 60% of people are in farming but contributing only 15% to economy.
5. This rule is already applicable in bihar. She should compare income of Bihar farmer and Haryana farmer
Modi ji speeches speeches speeches, but No emotional responsibility for their lives who lost 750 farmers lives.. Now this speechs is all about  election rolls effect saathiyon, desh vaasiyon, 750 Farmers have died, and not even single exgratia has given. Lot of Arrogance & Ignorance towards respective farmers of India, this is the worst bad attitude of Modi ji bjp govtSad reality of india
Plz implement 3 law for Hindu farmers
Under Congress rule, Kanimozhi was sent to prison for the allegations of corruption in 2G spectrum scam. Atleast Congress took action on their ministers, however here BJP's minister son has rammed onto farmers and killed 6 yet his Father remains in post. Useless Govt!!!
lol this is wrong info , all the farmers had gone to there homes , they are called farmers not khalistani , fack (dna) vale
Please cover everything of this protest. These farmers need our support, and only digital media can bring the reality to us. Thank you so much samdhish
Democracy for the people. By the people..   jai kisan ..( A farmer)..
Very nicely explained. Needed someone put this in an unbiased manner. Point is that there's a trust deficit among farmers and the govt. Then we see two extremes and it becomes hard to come to a solution. Everyone is trying to force their view on the other.
For those who don't fully know about the bad intensions in farm bill, here is a great video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mist4zw3e3I
Farmers are backbone of country, everyone respects them. But violence isn't justified in the name of Farmers' protest. Violence must be deal with violence.
One of the best video,superb coverage of farmers protest
Farmers are important but so is police personnel also
Pehle BBC khilaf m bol rhe the ab farm laws k support m, this channel is total shit.
-why is government doing conferences all over india but not to the farmers in Delhi?
If every industrial sector is open then why should govt restrict them to only one small market dominated by middlemen. Thousands of farmers had committed due old mandi system. 
Good analysis of one side, there is another side of the coin(Pros) which was not detailed in this video and that is the reason it was accepted by 24+ states out of 28 states in India. It reduces the middle men network in procuring the farm goods there by Farmers will get higher direct pricing.
RIP TO ALL THE FARMERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES .
Sir I want to ask a simple question before this bill Private companies were not allowed to procure crops directly from the farmers?
APMC without the MSP will be non existent soon. The passing of bill without division votes already shows the attitude of govt. It's all for one thing "contract farming". Once that happens farmers will be pushed to increase yield, hence more adulterated food in future. 
The common man fortunately understands the problems of the farmers. Good to see that in the National Capital. 
I support the farmers!!!!!! May their protest be successful.
Makr this video in hindi....so it become understandable to any farmer in rural area
this protest defines the art of protesting . huge respect to all the Farmers and the scoopwhoop team.
Govt must take strong action against so called farmers to free highways
 9. In 2021 January govt gave an option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
Brilliant explanation. Very sad that the bills have been withdrawn. All loss to farmers and end consumer.
I'm a son of farmer and a farmer. Appeal to all farmers please don't stop the agitation. Repealing of laws is evil plan to win election in UP Punjab. Farmers need a C2 + 50 garenteed MSP, agriculture and marketing infrastructure all over the India. Don't stop until we get these. Please spread this information.
I saw every old people understanding the situation better in the video and the difficulties of farmers
And I support this law, but this is not right time for implementation because of lack of awareness among farmers . Government should start some courses for farmers and educate them how to improve in their skills and manufacture some products at home
That how AAP and CONGRESS try to gain their profit in kisaan Andolan
RIP kishan  Down down BJP govt
Hi @Dhruv, Thanks for the video. I think it might be a good idea if you make a video on the farmer's situation in developed countries or if we could learn and adapt something from them.
Whos responsible for the deaths of 800 farmers ?
I am in India and am a Farmer! I welcome the new Farm Law 2020!
Thank you for supporting farmers. And to discuss everything in detail.
Fine .. But my support to BJP continues
Riots made by ruling party BJP himself  support farmers 
Achha ek bat btao Dhruv bhai... Ki ye jo index aate hain, like freedom index and happyness index jinme kaii bar india ko pakistan aur aas pas k countries se v niche rate kiya jata ha,  to isme Khan tk sachhai aur kai had tk valid ha ye?
I am feeling shame for that I have voted BJP from past 4 times. I trusted BJP but now they seems to be even more dangerous than congress.
to ensure maximum coverage and reporting of the  farmers rally  drones should be used.
@trevor, It's half truth that you shared, firstly not all of them are farmers instead the middle man between the farmers and consumers who had been sucking up farmer's blood for several years are on pretest. No govt can openly bring up a law to make situations worst for farmers. It would have been great if you could have discussed on what's changed as per law.
I'm from Punjab and I see buses and trucks full of farmer protesting.
2. I'm unable to understand the "irreversibility" which you talked about. If ola/uber starts exploiting both customers and cab drivers, then why aren't cab drivers leaving ola/uber and running cabs on their own? Won't customers also stop using these apps and look for cabs available at the location since it would cost them less? Similarly, if one company starts exploiting farmers, there will arise another company that benefits them.  I know habits are difficult to change. But when difficulties arise, I believe they can change
What a beautiful capture of Spirit of Farmers... !!!! The real Spirit, Emotions, bhai-chara, eager to make Food for everyone, the courage, love, culture..!! 
If you are so sincere why you did not discuss these laws with farmers before enforcing them.
Thanks for sharing this video. You guys are doing great.. Full support to farmers.. Full support to the great people who feed us...
ITS NOT VIOLENCE TO FIGHT FOR YOUR RIGHTS. WE DONT NEED A VISA TO BE IN DELHI. IF YOU TRY TO LOCK SOMEONE OUT OF THEIR OWN HOUSE THEY WILL FIGHT BACK. DELHI IS NOT MODI'S HOUSE ITS A PART OF INDIA. FARMERS HAVE A LOT MORE RIGHT OVER DELHI AND THE LAND OF INDIA BEFORE ANY CORRUPT POLITICIAN. 
Zarnish khan pay the price for his bad act against babar azam.....
One day Indian will proud on you...Ravish sir thousands salute
Dear Sir:  Agreed that Punjab and Haryana farmers are doing well and they want the current STATUS QUO to continue.  But there are other farmers in the rest of INDIA who want to scale up and do something.  For example, KERALA FARMERS are all ready to scale up on JACK FRUIT POWDER and are making arrangements for cold storage system which will be made available through FPO (farmer producer organizations).   Like this there are many many examples.  If Punjab and Haryana are happy with STATUS QUO then so be it.
Innocent Farmers were misguided.
My dear friend, there only relates to the two states people which they are getting loss because of new laws. As the people who are doing strike, they own the mandis which are called procurement centers they buy vegetables from farmers for a low price and sell to the big clients to the high prices. In south India and  Assam, the farmers sold their products for a good price based on new laws and got good profits.
The subsidy which is given to farmers in the form of MSP can be diverted in the form of subsidy on cheaper electricity, seed, fertilizers etc .... Doesn't it make sense when the subsidy is given directly to beneficiary then being diverted to through middle man...
Though the bills have been explained nicely, many of clauses which are meant to benefit only the corporates have been conveniently left out intentionally or unintentionally for which the farmers are protesting. Few among the many are listed below:
Logically sound good for farmers but practically it is actually beneficial for corporates. As simple as it.
Shame on bjp and their supporters.The minister and his son should in jail .
You want farmers to get better price. You want MSP. But then you don't want to pay the higher taxes that are needed to support the MSP nor are you are willing to pay the higher prices in the retail market. Chit bhi meri phat bhi meri.
Samajbadi and Congress Natak kar rahay hain Lekin vote nahi milaygy 2022 and 2024 may illegally funding from abroad n inside gaddar ar the main issue for Farmers protest jai Jogiji
Farmers farming on their farms
Thanks for this wonderful analysed video previously I was against these farm laws but now it change me my opinion... Revolution is needed in each field but if we oppose it before implementing it then it will be mere foolishness...
Most important  i think this bill alreasy applied on the bihar state then why the farmers of that state are not rich.
The MSP becomes the macimum price they get.
Mam he is the Son of BJP leader and public is in support of BJP...  We are Indians, brave, intelligent, always believe in struggle. So we start everything  from scrach then build a empire then destroy this and again start from begging.   Other wise "life ka maaja hi nahi aata".   Doing the today what we did in past before Mugal and British empire.  Already did 2 times. This is 3rd wave...
Farmers won the battle it remains to be seen who wins the war...
I'm pretty sure same farmers will blame the government when their kids cant find jobs in modern industries. 
Great united farmers.
Bahaha! You are priceless! A big win for the politicians, a big loss for the protesting farmers. Needless to say an even bigger loss for the farmers in the poor Indian states.
I come from an India where if a Muslim slaps me first and I slap back, you can see all the Bollywood actors with their placards against me
I also liked your suggestion that the village pradhan should be in charge of fixing prices between farmers and companies although this may also lead to corruption knowing human nature. But yes, the elections for this position might prove to be a check against this. 
Im against farmers who are blocking the borders adding to violence rather than choosing a peaceful protest 
In a free market system you cant have MSP, you would want construction workers to have MSP for houses. Farmers suicides were high before these new laws. Now youc can have famers markets and farmers can directly sell their produce.
It's loss of farmers not modi
Synopsis of the video : Ambani or Adani would make farmers produce the goods as per contract, purchase them outside mandis at predetermined prices as per contract and sell it at 50% to 100% marked up prices..wahh what a clear path for A&A
Farmers from all over India are supporting the agricultural laws except punjab middle men or brokers who earned in crores. The khalistan separatists from Pakistan invaded these protests and created chaos.
2.There will lose the small and micro scales farmers in India.
Why south farmers should suffer for duffer and broker of north india? No south state farmers protested and we have to suffer without reforms? Make seperate laws for south india and we dnt want foolish north indian politics!! We need farm laws which is long pending request...
1. What is the problem to include MSP in the bill. If it exists after this new farmer bill jut keep this in written.
So modiji inculcated these  bills just to scrap APMC and benefit private market, and one doesn't needs any divyadrishti to know who will be that private market , (Only Ambani and Adani)
Update: Farmers won 3 laws were taken back last month.
As said more than 50% of our population is involved in farming that doesn't mean all of them are farmers this no includes farmers, farm labours, and other service providers in agribusiness
Farmer's protest is the main reason for covid surge in India... At least they should have protested with protocol
People are saying "abhiman tut gaya, ghamand tut gaya" . But it is the poor farmers who lost today.
     2024  ..                 ..Places of worship act, religious endowment act, waqf (amendment) act 2013  ye kuch kaale kanoon hai congress ne bnaya tha.. Ab modi govt ne iske repeal krne ka rasta khol diya hai.... 
I totally agree... If we deny the reform it means we want to live only in the safe zone... Sometimes later it will become dangerous to us... In 1991 we have seen this crisis... If farmers want to self-reliant they should accept these reforms... Our farmers are poor and incompetent to the world,why?
Another point. The speaker in the video makes another mistake in which he assumes that simply because he has listed the three  lists (union list, concurrent list, and state lists) and mentioned that agriculture falls under the state list - he has completed the argument. Reality is that the APMC related bill is about regulating competition in the country. This is the same authority, which enables the CENTRAL government to promulgate acts like Competition Commission of India.
you can sense modi support in this report...
U haven't covered many important points like that of farmers not allowed to reach civil courts. And many others points are missing.
The BBC is meant to be impartial but has always only depicted one side of the farm bills debate. The BBC also failed to properly discuss the negatives and positives of the Bills. The BBC also mostly only interviewed those opposing the laws, failing to give a balanced view by also interviewing supporters of the bills. Moreover, the BBC also tried to give the story a communal spin by mostly only showing Sikh farmers, thus attempting to portray the narrative that this is a battle against 'Sikh oppression' by the Indian government. The BBC presenters also repeatedly stated that the deaths of many farmers were as a result of the bills, when in fact, the deaths of the farmers were as a result of the protests and so had nothing to do with laws. All in all, the BBC failed to be unbiased whilst covering this story.
Or are those farmers also into same turmoil in the hands of a big company?
I suggest instead of using that ultra complicated system they just use the EU sistem. You fix a price, and if farmers over produce they are payed by the EU and the food is sent to military, people in deep need, and even other countries. It's a great sistem that stabilises prices and helps everyone.
Truth is that APMCs are the prime sourve of irregularised income to state govts and esp punjab and haryana... The monopoly by APMC ans the skewed reality of MSP is something u need to do more research on. I am saying all ths becoz i hv seen ths system very closely and ye doc devender saab is only angrezi. U cant compare markets of US and India... Pls open ur eyes and get of this mentality... Dont keep farmers bounded.
If you can repeal farm law like this without any discussion ..you can amend the law by adding or deleting provision. If one section of society do protest like this and ..then ready for demand of hindu rastra .. you have no idea ..I can guarantee you more than 60% of the population can demand hindu rastra and you have to back off
2) The new bill has not brought any major drastic changes, only a parallel system working with the existing system. Prior to these bills,farmers can sell their produce t only via govt markets.
WE NEED FOOD TO SURVIVE, BUT THE FARMERS ARE POOR ALL TIME
So so happy for the farmers
So the government decided to actually do something for the farmers but the middlemen are protesting it
the district or county and cant sell to any one outside of the APMC market yards/mandis
Please support farmers they just want justice
2nd bill is for everybody not only for farmers, middlemen are the final beneficiary of this bill, because farmers don't have that much storage facilities but the middlemen have.
GDP p bhi toh modiji agriculture sector ne bacha rkhi thi covid k time bhi 
Government acting as dumbard...must listen and repeal laws against farming 
Except that "Farmer's Bill" everything was spoken by protesters ...janta pareshan majdoor pareshan and sabne apni pareshani inhi logo ko to btaayi hai.
Even developed countries like US, France are facing increased suicides because of the corporatisation of agriculture. India should learn from this and save it's farmers! 
Only Two state's Brokers are protesting... Why not rest of the Indian state Farmers ate not protesting?
The name of king farmer
Please do some more research, the law will improve to the farmers livelihoods. Govt is trying to make to easy for farmer and removing the middleman, middleman makes all the money and farmer loses.
Good to see BBC taken this to world stage, keep support for our farmers.
Cooperative farming would have been fantastic if aggregator is good and strong.  And ensure no cheating or last minute ditching by bigger sponsor.  Amul is perhaps the best example (kurien sir was brilliant) but we do have only a few such examples in india countable on fingers. Many things are very good but zero ground level reality could differ drastically. Real case study in support of theory from anywhere in the globe would be great.
Congratulations  Farmers
This is are farmers just from PUNJAB
One thing good out of this is the khalistanee has no front to protest .with the fake farmers
Just because of some fake farmers...the whole farmer community will stay poor and hungry...let them be what they are
India's 3 Farm Laws are Anti-Farmer, Anti-People
5. The farmers have the right to protest but they have majority of their camps on roads which are illegal and causing problems to the local population.
Ab farm bill wapis.
This proved these laws were wrongly drafted and wrongly implemented and forced on to Farmers. It is big win for farmers.
Modi's dicision on reversal of 3-kissans laws is taken while keeping in view of security of India. Modi ji would never compromise with nation or for winning election in UP or in Punjab or elsewhere. There is deeper secret underneath which he could not disclose for security reason. India is in danger from internal enemy within. Please keep your support or faith in him as welfare of citizens & security of nation is first in his mind...jai hind...Jai Bharat.. .
This one of the weaknesses of democracy. These laws were a step in the right direction, but they repealed them to gain votes, because people do not understand economics. If you want India to become competitive and develop you need free markets and free trade
Corporates will buy crops and store them. But Essential Commodity act will stop them for storing crops for long time, as it increase prices in market.
I am proud to be a part of Farmer family OF punjab. 
Farmers is great 
Modi is trying to make India Pvt Ltd ...
Scoopwhoop has made one on the three farm bills..and the ground reality is so much different about the middle men 'cartel'
Indian farmers have been holding peaceful protests for months now all across the country against the farm laws and had a planned tractor rally across various routes on the Republic day, as agreed with the Delhi police. But, on the day, many rogue farmers faulted the plan and attacked the red fort where the republic day parades happen (a place of high security). Many farmer leaders disavowed these groups and stayed on with the peaceful protests cooperating with the police. Nevertheless, months of efforts have been demeaned by the actions of a few.
I have never seen this guy criticizing any Modi's policy , from demonetization to gst to govt's galwan valley response to farm law, so I doubt their credibility. Why they cannot be paid propaganda spreaders, after all unemployed youth crying to earn money.
Im feeling proud that Im the daughter of farmer....
THIS TIKAIT SHOULD BE BOOK UNDER NATIONA SECURTY ACT....BJP KA PAAS 320 + LOKSABHA SEAT HAI TOH DAAR KISIKA....???????????//PUT THIS MAN BEHINFD THE BAR.
Bjp = British East India company.
Modi govt is the most cruel govt India ever have.
Thanks For This Video, Make Me Proud As a son Of Farmer 
A "research-based" explanation is good or as bad as the information, in this case semi-information, that the analyst chooses to work on. The comments show how the clueless middle-class India, and even Mr Sengupta, are buying into the corporate narrative about "more choice" and "better prices". It's not that Mr Sengupta is biased--it's just that he needs to put in more effort into his assumptions
In 2 years 20000 farmers killed themselves?! How could the government let this happen??!
If it was a people's government, it would have withdrawn the Farmers' Act without delay.
Awareness among farmers about MSP is more important than taking this bill back. Most farmers don't know about MSPs.
This video was very useful,tysm now all my doubts and clear...and I proudly say that i support farmers#istandwithfarmers#farmers
Finaly farmers won,jai hind
Wanted to revist this today.. one can't stop laughing at these godi media channels who were earlier saying this bill was great desicion and now are explaining how repeal of farm laws is master stroke ...
App nagrik hai mdm but abi ek repoter k taurine p work kr rhi. Aese to hr admi double standard k ho skta hai .jha fayda ho waise bole.  Y report kisan bill ko phle acche se dikhate to ajj aeza n krna pdta
It was actually nothing just the anger of farmers used with wrong intentions by other political parties
These farm bills take away the farmer's right to appeal or go to a Court. That gives one idea about these farm bills.
2. REFORMS SHOULD SUPPORT FARMERS NOT THE CORPORATES 
Brilliant research. Such a comprehensive description of the Farm bill that became hoopla without knowing it fully. Thank you for the video.
Salute to all economists who honestly  admitted repealing agriculture laws will be setback for our economy and poor farmers
Support Farmers !
I think BJP shd have implemented farm laws in BJP ruled states and give exemption to those states who don't want such laws. In that case, BJP ruled states will be able to prove Farm laws are good or bad.
Those who are commenting here, most of them did not even read the bill. I know there is a huge discontent in farmers for the government. I hope they will find a middle way after negotiations. And I think that since this bill is passed in parliament with majority, the government will not take back this bill, all they can do is reform it, through negotiations.
First of all whole Punjab is around 20 million .250 million is more than uttar pradesh.come on bro.first show right map idiots.then do some research no mandi guarantee MSP.it is the government who buys in MSP.my dad is a farmer those who r protesting are some thousand and they r mandimens or brokers.farmers are supporting the laws.do some research bro...... 
Mr Modi you haven't saw how many farmers were protesting that's why you are saying that only a part of farmers' community were protesting. Probably few of them who weren't protesting were compelled & helpless due to the financially scarce & poverty ridden environment you have created since 2014... I Congratulate "The" farmers for their victory over tyranny...
Check "Sahyadri Farms" formed in Nashik, Maharashtra, a farmer's collective for selling fruits and vegetables.
Sach bataun farmers ke bat kar rahe ho or points simplify nhe kar paye to etni badi video ka kya feyda.
Or baki ka mal farmer ko apmc me MSP se lower price pe hi bechna padta he. A 100 % true 
This bill is betterment for farmers I don't know why opposition behaves like this..
Welcome to being a farmer profits are low in American also
This is the best documentary on Farmers Protests.
Basically these laws helps traders and Corporates to buy as cheap as possible and sell as expensive as possible and hoard as much as possible. In future most probably it can create fake shortage of food demand which can lead to milking of more money from the consumers a.k.a Middle Class and Poor Class of India. Basically these bills target MIDDLE CLASS more as poor come UNDER PDS SYSTEM WHICH ARE  67% a.k.a 920 million and they get cheap food . Basically they want to put hands in the pockets of Middle Class Indians and how they will do it? By Inflating prices of eatables in future and study says after Covid era inflation is going to come. Corporates want to milk this opportunity. Corporates don't have  a moral obligation to do good to country, their main objective is only profit. Those who are not with farmers in this movement are actually cutting the same branch on which they are sitting. Everybody needs food. No Farmer No Food
Only Punjab formers against it ... First debate or educate them instead taking their cause and shouting at government
This is what happens when instead of actually deeply researching a topic, you only look at one side of the story without bothering to find out what other benefits the bills will bring. If the current system was so good, why are farmers so badly off?
I respect you to talk about Maharashtra farmers
It's actually sad that people will still blame the farmers for protesting rather than the government for introducing ideas which aren't viable in the long run
Plus, MSP should be universal. Whether you buy from mandi or not.
Is bill se privet company ki monopoly stabslist ho jaye ki mam farmars ki nhi
Farmers of our country will live poorly and the people that are here to support this, the Bill was to commercialize farming so that investment could be done and the tools that farmers of our country have could be mordenized for example combiners and harvesters provided to farmers ob the companies expense
Halfway through the video I started shit talking ola/Uber and later realised I was here to trash talk farmers bill lmao
The Communists are leading the protest and it's a working class people's movement against the corporates. Farmers, labourers, students, minorities we all stand together against this neo liberal fascist Modi Govt.
One question aap kabhi khet me kam kiya he jo subject me aap ho nahi you have no knowledge about farms and farmers
On the other hand, one could also argue that bigger companies would first lure the farmers in by providing them better than MSP pricing, slowly enabling the shutdown of APMC markets and no MSP, and once done that, they can become like Zamindars that India was trying to escape in the first place due to which the APMC was set up! It's a valid concern, I do acknowledge.
I appreciate this act of PM MODI for taking back farm laws I am thankful to MODIJI. But he should have long time ago because many of our farmers and innocent people died during agitation. And no wonder why he took this decision because of upcoming UP and PUNJAB elections and to get vote. 
Why is no one talking about Amaravati farmers? (The cause is different, kindly look into it if you aren't aware of what's going on there in Andhra Pradesh)
Hey Dhruv.. I don't agree with you on this one..Please consider both sides of the argument... Your only argument is just that corporations might exploit farmers.. but currently the APMC cartels exploit farmers too.. MSP ends up being the only selling price for farmers.. Allowing farmers to trade outside APMC might subject them to exploitation from corporates.. but that's a far-fetched notion.. currently the middlemen in the markets corrode away the profits farmers can gain.. I read that the difference between farm to table is 60-90% in India... In most other countries it's about 10-15%.. including in poor countries such as Indonesia.. not all corporations are bad.. corporate contracts might help farmers and consumers get the right price for the produce..
Views for this video (farmers) is in thousands
unfortunately all companies are like Starbucks. we do have companies like ninjakart , veda farms who works from farmer side and then we have big bull companies who will exploit them.
Modi defeated! Zindabad . Long live small farmers!
Shame on all these.... Have they even read the bill.... If yes then this is an agenda..... This bill is helping farmers.... If this is anti farmer bill n farmers were so happy then why they r poor n why so many suicide.... Come on sitting there n trying to spread propaganda.... Shame. Bill gave more opportunities to farmers.
EPS95 Minimum Pension 7500 + DA na pass karne se poore hindustan mein labour varg sarkar ke khilaf hey.  Election will reflect this
Those who say these are terrorists helped by Pakistanis, bhai apne fufa modi ji se poochho usne notebandi jhak marne ke liye ke thee
What was in Modi's mind when he promised "India Superpower 2025"? 
Direct indirect related to the farmers.
Is a middleman or a farmer better in pricing a product?
Congress ke time kishan kyo mar rahe the
Listened to your talk on the present controversial bills. Good. I think you have made an impartial and matter - of - fact presentation of the current issuev. As you have remarked, I too feel that proper identification of the loopholes in the existing system and effective steps to correct them are far better, if not essential, than just throwing the poor, uneducated and / or illiterate Indian farmers at the mercy of the Corporate giants is what is actually needed. The apprehensions and anxieties of the farmers are quite natural and those must be solved. We should never ignore the genuine grievances of those who feed us. The present bills, though passed with good intentions, will not produce the expected results in the corrupt Indian set up. In the near future, the country will have to witness artificial scarcity and exorbitant price hike of essential commodities. The common man will have to suffer a lot.Let us hope that commonsense and virtue will dawn upon the Govt. and the adamant and uncompromising rulers.
Thank you , this is exactly what I was looking for last evening , to understand the farm bill better before passing any judgements/comments . This was helpful and its strange that no news channel or website has put effort into explaining it to us !
Farmers are more Litterate than the policy makers.They know the difference between Right and wrong because they feel, they work, they live in the fields.
The MANDIS are CONTROLLED BY MIDDLEMEN, and the farmers DON'T GET ANY PROFITS.
I pity those farmers who have been mislead by some politicians into believing that the farm bills are not good
Today is a black day for small farmers.... But here people enjoying modi defeat...but this is not modi defeat this is a defeat of small and poor farmers
It's good that the farmers are protesting. The  govt. cannot have its own way all the time.
5) company take incharge on farmers need like seeds , fertilizer.
Farmer were never liable to sell their goods in APMC it was never mandatory. Farmer are/were can sell their goods in any parts of india even they can export....
U have explainef v clearly sir. I think positive effects of these bills r more than its negative effects. If farmers can handle it smartly then this bill will b good for them. And they can bcoz new generation of farmers r smart and net friend ly
YES TODAY IS LOST OF GOVT , win of OPPOSITION and DEATH OF SMALL FARMER
Modiji had asked for forgiveness... But this jahil group of tikket will not stop and want election ticket.. Unfortunate... Their sponsorees do not want to stop this agitation.... Ifbthese iodiots do motvleave then our court must intervine and kick these jahils outbof delhi
middle class must learn from the farmers
Please speak the truth like Ravish Kumar don,t be puppet of bjp.
16k  such people watched the video who are not dependent on farmers for their food
Village councils have issued order to this so called farmers who landed from Canada on a charter flight to protest to vacant their roads with in 24 hrs. 
Why would the BBC be so harsh with the farmers? Could it have anything to do with the long British Legacy of controlling the means of production in India? Could it be, that large British agricultural firms have an interest? That sounds like the topic of a good story for the BBC.
3. Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill: It allows intra-state and inter-state trade of farmers produce beyond the physical premises of Agricultural Produce and Livestock Market Committee (APMC) markets. State will be now prohibited from levying any market fees or cess outside APMC areas.
Rakesh Tikait should go to jail.
I support farmers 
every one saying its good only have theoretical knowledge they just read and say oh its good for farmers but ground reality and issues r somewhat different which none of these "keetabi keede " wont understand
This is the way to prove, congress is with the people of India, well done priyanka Gandhi ji.
One farmer from our district went to a farmer rally and took poison,resulting to his death
2)States have the authority to not apply this law, but still Punjab govt( congress led) keeps pushing this agenda
They are not closing Mandi system, it is just a parallel system which will force APMC to become more competitive. 
This is not any victory, but big loos to future of India.
On the other hand, if JioMart or someone reduces purchase price after a point, with the new bill arent the farmers free to find a different buyer?
If mandis  collaps themselves beacuse farmers are going to unregulated spaces to trade does that mean market economy is working and  mandis offering price is lower than free market price...then collapse of the mandi is good....
No farmer in our country is big enough for hoarding  first few years private corporations will give high prices to farmers for crops and they will store it in godawns then they will give very less price for crops to the farmers because they know farmers cannot store there crop as they don't have proper infrastructure as well as funding as there is no MSP in this bill benefit of farmers will be for very short period maybe year or two after that there will be chaos no suitable price will be given to farmers by private companies 
This videos missed out on telling agriculture percentage also declined because other industries boomed which were not there after independence. These laws are already adopted by developed countries and was presented by opposition themselves during their governance. And that form nation wide farmers, only a region of them are protesting.
u cant make msp a legal right. there are millions of crop how will u make msp for all the crops? if u make for few farmers will start growing the same crop even if it is not suitable to the fields. n if msp is legal then govt has to buy the whole crop. what wil the govt do with excess food grains already 1lakh crore of wheat is going to waste. we should always support the free market. min regulation, farmer produce organization, futures and options of commodities, warehouse receipts should be made available, bankruptcy for farmers is must, and u need to move atleast 50 percent of farmers out of farming into other jobs.
   MSP & APMC            
Farmers protest is just a political agenda .. that's it 
Godi media will not show this news...they will only show Modi's tour of Uttar Pradesh
These protesters are mostly from two states, and no protest is happening in rest of the India. Btw US has kind of similar structures in farming laws and Biden govt has backed these new farm laws too.
and quality assessment of scheduled farmers produce and mode of payment,
" Every stone will be turn to save the MPs Terrorist's son, In the Modi jungle raaj a Terrorist's can come out from Jail and become MP so this is a tiny case for BJP. All efforts will be made to save A murder and terrorist's."
other states k less then 10% farmers ko he MSP milti hai 
The esteemed expert is saying that we are bringing a failed model to india. I would like to correct him by saying that the existing model is flawed and thats the reason for farmer suicides. The current apmc model brings a lot of middle men who reap all the benifits.
It is so upsetting to see so many senior citizens, going through all this but also inspiring at the same time. Such a strong sense of community. We are all with the farmers!
Commenting halfway through, but the farming reform is vital to moving the Indian economy forward. The government spends a ton of money on farming subsidies (most of which go to Punjab if you were curious).
Please save humanity.  I support innocent farmers. We have right for peaceful protest
1. Not all farmers could sell at MSP in old system. Only 6% did, while 94% trade in free market
Support to farmers
-Why the "peaceful protesters" brandished swords against and tried to overrun the Delhi police during 26th Jan rally? And yet Delhi police didn't fire single shot at them even at the cost of their life.
I humbly request @vox to please take at the latest situation pertaining to the protest. There are multiple human rights violation on the part of the government against the peacefully protesting farmers. Indian mainstream media has failed us. Please please we need our voices heard.
I SUPPORT FARMER'S THEY ARE THE BACKBONE OF INDIA
The real solution to the issue is to facilitate the Mandis to flourish. In order to do that, MSP has to be kept, Farmers market where atleast 50% of shelf space has to be kept aside for Farmers produce with a 'suggested retail price'. This would protect the Farmer(MSP), mandis(since mandis would be needed to supply the 'farmers market' - and they are sole supplier for the farmer's produce), end customer who knows if there has been hoarding going on (since suggested retail price would be breached and can complain) and keep the competition in place since the pvt players too could sell through the remaining half of the farmer's market shelf space + their own outlets. Farmers should be allowed to sell to any Mandis and this way "one county one market" is maintained and as long as Mandis exists, state govts can get their tax revenues. This way everyone wins.
Farmer: do they want bread or do they want bullets..
Question: so you are saying earlier big farmers were only able to sell in APSM mandi(if they wanted assurance of MSP) and if they chose to sell to private players then they wouldnt have had the assurance of mandi and MSP, but now they can have both??
It's a Shame after knowing what anti national citizen doing nothing is done to despose the criminal behind kissan andolan   Both government and tikkait looks like same team creating problems for farmers and Bharat.
Nowhere in the first act it is mentioned that apmc will be dissolved, so how exactly are we coming to a conclusion that the producers would have to resort only to private corporations? And wouldn't a dual mechanism provide more space for farmers?
The explanation was great! Kudos to your efforts. I just had one doubt. While citing the negative point for the second bill wherein you told that farmers will be squeezed when the cost of cultivation is high and the selling price is low, the farmers will have no choice left and the government won't intervene. But, isn't it that farmers can still sell their goods in Mandi at the MSP? They still got both the options (to sell privately or to government through Mandis), don't they?
Whos in the favour of farmers and whos not. 
At Least we are now aware of farmers problems
Media ( like news channels )is not supporting the voice of farmers. They are not doing their jobs well. They are not showing farmers protests. 
Vow to never vote for the BJP ever in your life! Jai jawan, jai kisan!
I never watch any video continue 3 hours in my life, I got many information from this video and concept on MSP, Apmc and Essential community act has been cleared. Thanks.
Don't good leader congress, AAP, SP, TMC,BSP other party and leaders bku farmer. They don't wise in Punjab n Haryana other some state. No respect in india.
This is not actually a farmers protest, these protests are mainly run by Kalisthan partition group based in Punjab and blessed by National and regional opposition parties. That's why they don't want to accept and they will never accept anything Modi Government does. Why would they try to host the Kalisthan flag on Redford on the Republic Day? Biased BBC as usual.
Taking some highlighted portions from the three acts and presenting a narrative- You made a good video under 8 minutes but it only covers partial facts. These 3 farm laws cannot affect MSP system which is not bound by any legal provisions. It is a policy of the government and MSP has only increased in India over the years. APMC has legal backing and its passed by State Legislators. This central law cannot nullify that. Also if MSP is guaranteed in APMC, why would someone sell out of it? What percentage of Farmers have APMC coverage? Apmcs does not cover an entire state and some states doesnt have Apmc acts. 
 No control over prise-rise, no respite in  fuel price for months, decreasing income of poor classes - people were just disgusted for months  with his lectures and total inaction. Now he is slashing fuel- tax but he is losing his credibility. He is very much talkative. He should talk less and do more for immediate welfare of poor people. Story of his  long term vision and future prosperity of India is not selling actually  .
If Contract Farming is beneficial or a farmer gets better rates outside APMC without mandi tax and all - then why is bihar agriculture system staggering? 
These farmers are surprisingly very educated and speaking very sensibly.
- ithonnum koodathe nammalude climate and soil il ethu products aanu suitable ennu avar(cooperates) check cheythittu parayum. Kootathil state il ullathil mikachathu ennu alla world le thanne ettavum mikacha crops and fertilizers farmers nu ethichu nalkukayum cheyyum.. because kuranja sthalathu kooduthal output cooperates nte aim aanu... Athu thanne aanu farmers nu vendathu..
I think that this bill should be implemented but the loopholes of this bill should be resolved by government coz I think that these all problems were started because the farmers were not educated enough to handle these big things.
Let me just tell u that all these laws are already there in Western countries  ... Though we support our farmers but laws have both good n bad and good are more than bad... No one can predict future but currently they seem beneficial
Google if need be the free trade policy and as to why the present govt did not sign the RCEP where in most of the neighbouring countries have signed in is because govt cares for the farmers upliftment
Aap jo examples diye ho wahi hoga future me kisano ke sath ...msp private company m bhi follow hona chahiye....
Why are we not respecting farmers and just soldiers when the saying is Jai Javan Jai Kisan.?
We support farmers always , if really worked for former,government spend money on Research &development  ,there health &Education .
I proudly stand with the farmers 
Proud to be staying in punjab. Our last hope to save india
Ask for your rights.....farmers diversity of cultivated plants must be maintained, improve yield and quality.  
Why framer agains this bill this is good one
You will get your answers. India is changing and change needs reforms.. pseudo farmers
* Access to markets-the majority of farmers are lacking access to a functioning logistics network to sell their output. The roads, rail and canal transportation aren't there, along with safe / cold storage to preserve food till it can be processed or sold. Resulting in a 3050% spoilage rate, effectively halving Indias farm output
This too, has been done by the Modi Govt to avoid the Farmer's Union and the Congress from going on into a chain of nationwide protest which would have subsequently rattled the BJP base and if this chain of protest were to be held, the BJP would never be in the political picture keeping in the mind the assembly elections in many states in the forthcoming months. 
Let us whole of the nation we stand together with our food providers, without  them we will starve, let us protest against the government who they don't respect our farmers they don't have ears for our farmers. Farmers they will not protests they will not come out to the streets if they didn't have serious issues. 
Mister I want to rectify your information regarding the sell constraints on the produce. Farmers can sell their crops to anyone either outside the APMC market or to a private buyer on his/her choice as if the price offered outside is more then farmer can sell outside on his own risk of fraud dealing. But inside the APMC market there are almost no chance of fraud happening. APMC act as a shield to farmer.
Rakesh Tikat should listen this and point out the major issues. He is not a good speaker that is why the media is tracking down him. He is only insisting on taking back the bills and not giving the reasons behind it clearly. Please someone help him to elaborate the situation. And whatever points you guys' pointed out are good enough to cancel these all three bills.
Why not a middle path so that interest of poor farmers can be protected as well as  overproduction issues can be resolved...
Very happy for farmers 
Fun fact: the new agro bill outlaws burning thousands of tons  of stubble (agro waste) every year by farmers. But farmers are protesting this law be removed since they want to continue burning the stubble since its considerably cheaper.  Greata Thornburg (an apparent environmentalist :D) supports farmers to continue burning. Hypocritical world ?
#standwithfarmers
Change the current debt trap system to benefit the farmers.  Indian government should invest in seed banks and curb imports
If a farmer knew how to read a legal contract he'd rather work for a company 
Our farmers feeding to our nation
Kisan the "SUPERMAN" of India!
Farmers' 'commission agents': How dare you give them other options??
Sad about farmers
Farmers already could sell ( before these 3 bills) to private sellers dude , in which world are you living PRATIK?
Why Modi took so long to repeal the 3 farmers law? What he is going to say for 600 farmers lost thier lives? We all know this is the result of Modi recent elections defeats but what people are going to do to Modi for 600 farmers lives? I never ever seen such a worst selfish anti people and Atrocious PM like Modi anywhere in the world. Modi building house for Rs 12,000 Crores, 9000 for his plane
Such a shame that the PM hasn't said single word about the farmer who died during this struggle
Great Video, Support Farmers only thing that bugged me is they should take some precaution and not be dismissive about COVID, ngl hated seeing all the elders out without mask..... Hope it ends soon
Woahhh  very nice now I think those so called farmers who decided to stay poor and paying commission to middle man the let them live like that we don't care but all of those real farmers who supported this I am really sad for them
Salute to the Farmer Warriors & thanks to the supporters. Peace for those who lost their lives in this cause. Next big MOVEMENT should be against Corruption, Communalism, and Scoundrel politicians. Lets work together to establish a Progressive Democratic society.
First of all, the bill doesn't Gurantee MSP to the farmers 
The BJP guy who was mercilessly killed,was murdered by the so called non violent farmer's protesters.call a murder, a murder;and let them be on trial for murder
I support farmers 
I hope the poor farmers will gain from this act.
This video highlights only negative aspects. Whatever is happening outside APMC is illegal and corruption is involved in every stage. Modi wants to legalise everything so that small and big farmers get benefitted.
RNDTVs r presenting "Lakhimpur' kaand 24 hours per day from the day the incident hpnd!! Why?? Bcs the state is running by BJP state, spcly by a Hindu Monk 'CM'!! The all time greatest 'Godi Media' of Congress & company.
Han sarkar ko apni facility acchi krni chahiye.. Wrna to private sector wale farmers ko exploite krte  h Or krte rehenge.. Fix price hone chahiye aanaj ke Chahe govt ho ya private  sector
Farmers cooperative body should be formed ....it can be led by board of 5,7 or 10 farmer members and director an IAS officer or agricultural specialist....all farmers should be made to register there every time they sow something and crop wise registration should be done....these cooperatives should provide farmers with scientific guidance,storage facilities at subsidized rates.....just like companies hold annual general meeting ,this cooperative should hold meeting to decide prices of crops and everything should be decided right in  front of farmers....companies can register in these cooperatives and they will be supplied stocks.....further,PF facility for farmers,health insurance,scholarships for bright kids personal loans at minimum interest rates,farmers helpline,crop insurance,good quality seeds and fertilisers,workshops for new techniques all can be done  under one roof....govt should decentralise power and let farmers into the decision making process.....model used by various milk cooperatives can be reffered......
Farmers and  there next generation will always remember & thanks lallantop for this documentary .
Amazing you made us to understand the whole thing why farmers are on strike
Who has made sabit Malik farmers leader must be put behind the bars
Sir still I don't know exactly why farmers are protesting , I need explanation in the farmer's perspective......pls....or anyone explain in Frank words.
The laws were for farmers benefits however the protest was high jacked by outside countries who wanted to bring instability in India once revoked there plan to create instability failed, Narendra Modi is the best, intelligent and beloved prime minister of our country, he knows nation matters mostJai Hind..
Msp should  be given a legal status if you want to help farmers
MSP is minimum support price not minimum selling price .. plz amend   ths 
Mam ur explanation is good... But it's not real by practically...  The bill will not good for Farmer ...
"The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways." - John F. Kennedy
No school no education no hospitals only Adani and Ambani gaining.. what have given Modi government in 7 year's?? Rights, deaths, notbandi, and what results have given to india, GDP is under 4 percent... Modi mess India.
DR MS randhawa and CM partap Singh Kairon, made the green revolution a success and established Industry in both Punjab and Haryana, which was named PEPSU back than.
Victory for the farmers.
No protection for Jawan Nd kisan godi government'
National Commission on Agriculture (NCA) Recommended a farmer should reach the Mandis within 1 hrs 
Bai police wala farmer family se hasala gapi
Abhi tak to shayad ye bhai bohot paise kama rha tha kheti se, aur kanoon aane se pehle hi gareeb ho gya. I guess he should rather focus on his UPSC and do something for the people. Are our farmers really prosperous till now and these proposed laws are going finish their prosperity. Why from the last 70 years every farmer's child says that " Main gareeb kisan ka beta hoon" , i am not able to understand that are they really going to loose something because of these laws.As far as i can see they have nothing to loose and they just have to think professionally. They should behave like businessman rather than treating themselves as helpless, poor individual.
these laws had the potential to release the farmers from the cluthes of the licensed middlemen and empower them various platforms provind them great value... Alas ..lost it all.
What inspired you to call them farmers ??
Thanks for your social media support regarding Indian Farmer's...need more from everyone
Great explanation, every individual should oppose this, nor only the farmers.
Farmers disrespected out National Tri colour flag by hoisting their flag
My wishes go to the Farmers, I support you from America 
Now you know who will be happy... certain sections who feels threaten by bjp.... Who are at 'heads of social medias,news channels, bollywood bosses and who have friends with political dynasties.." it's a shame that certain families are ruling and heading all political parties.. n they are deciding fate of billions of people... Same families are ruling generations after generation's... Do u actually call it democracy?? India need only one party, without any Dynasty..just like China... Politicians should be selected on the basis of their performance.... There should be no religion,cast.... But that will sadly not happen...
Farmers are the real life Ironman
Now politics which have been doing behind this dhrnas in view of u.p. election now their plans are gonna shattered well move modi g.
What's the alternative? India's got more than a billion people to feed... you can't do that by planting some fruit on an organic farm.
If the bills are profitable for the farmers, are they protesting for fun?
The actual farmers are working in the field....and contributing to the nation
The government can give assurance that it will never stop MSP and keep on running APMC by subsidy for next 25 years.
The Farm Laws PM Modi had introduced have Minor Errors in them and they have to be corrected through a series of Amendments that will solve the Farmers' unrest ! Repealing the the Laws may or may not be the Appropriate Decision !
Today those so called kisans would celebrate but tomorrow they will cry again when middleman would kick their ass when they ask for msp on their crops. Then they will realise their mistakes, but it's too late.
Solution is simple , msp is subsidise rate given by government  to farmers to help not a market sustainable rate so it's mirage to lock this msp as law
these are not farmers, they are khalistani and middlemen funded by opposition.
Top Food Processing Companies in Punjab and Haryana
Modiji you might be able to win the elections now.... But you lost my faith
Whithout.disscussing.with.farmers.shamelessly.the.laws.formed.with.highvoltagedrama.in.parliament.in.covid.time.
I really appreciate farmers efforts and protest
bloody stupid pm.....election aate hi hosh aa jatya hai ki kya karna hai...what about lost lives of farmers
I know about an indian farmer who worked hard.He was married .One day he was very angry ,came home and ate of the   pesticides they use  o keep animals away from fields and crops.He killed himself and left his wife who became a widow.later she discovered she was pregnant with his child. She had to give birth and leave the child against her will  so she could get married again.  I am that child.
*Jinke maa baap shetti karte hai bas unko pata hai ye bill sahi haii yaa nahii.. Don't judge a bill by 11.57 minutes video(They take a lots of more time to study the bill but not that much time, that a farmer take to grow something) ok.. If you don't know how much time, energy, man power, seeds, pesticide's etc think is needed for growing anything..* 
In absence of any regulation in non-APMC mandis, the farmers may find it difficult to deal with Corporates, as they solely operate on the motive of profit seeking.
Wait for 2024 modi will be literally kicked off parliament. 
Why is it only covering Punjab and Haryana farmers in this? Why was this not explained?  And what about middle men in this business? Why that aspect has not been explained? This report is not showing the whole picture
In Indonesia farmers are called "PETANI" which Abbreviation of "Penjaga Tatanan Negara Indonesia" meaning Guardian of Indonesian State Order
Farmers still do sell their crop outside mandis.
These bills are already in place in bihar/UP..  did the income of Bihar/UP farmers inxreased... Also share on this....
The farm laws are a step towards free market and capitalism. If farmers are continued to be protected, they would continue to exist, which becomes a burden to government. Ultimately we want less people in the farming sector producing sufficient grains. 
Include this issue also in your protest and get answer from Godi whether police are for people or just for serving politicians? Farmers saying that they will wear masks and protest peaceful. Why is that a problem? Why government made laws during the covid time then? These farmers not only fighting with government, but also police, weather, covid, missing families, risking their life for no reason? Make govt responsible for these acts by police and get answers from Godi.
Kitna fraud news channel hai yaar. These were the same people who were branding farmers as terrorists.
  The irony of this video is that, they are trying to white wash the downside of the bill and trying to convince people that the new farm bill is totally safe with some loopholes that needs to be addressed. Fyi, msp is not a false promise but rather a safety net for the farmers, the bills in theory may be very pleasing to hear but you never told that america as a develop nation have failed terribly in implementing this free market monopoly and states like bihar in india where ampc is banned and there is no msp are flooding to punjab as labourers. And also tell us how in rajya shabha tv the audio was taken out when passing the bill and with the opposition in majority clearly was against the bill, the bill was passed with such choas. Is the govt trying to profit the farmers or the corporates whom they have taken money through electrorial bond? Like u said, contract farming, the govt is reaping the efforts of the famers and selling it off to reliance, bigbazzar etc. Damn, atleast dnt be biased when reporting
I cant find any difference Btwn taliban and bjp now a days
3) Farmers will get deserving prices for crops
This is a shame because Punjab farmers are the richest and farmers in Bihar are the poorest. The Punjab farmers might loose some money because they will not have dominance over India and all Indian farmers will be given equally treatment with this new bill
Support farmers.They are the backbone of India 
Tomorrow all small farmers would do andolan for bringing this kanoon back
No one  talks about the amount of expenditure this is all going to cost. Have associations and people who explain the contract to the farmer? Who will pay them? Will they be regulated? The associaltions or people helping the farmers with these contracts will they be non corruptible? A lot of these farmers are not educated, also language barriers, and greed of the human? Where does that end? Where is it going to be accountable? Regulated prices of commodities helps consumers as well. Prices in western countries were not regulated, that is why masks and hand sanitisers here ended up being stocked and then sold at exorbitant prices. You said MSP does not help. But if you look at it financially, farmers in punjab and haryana earn more because of this MSP. Their families are able to eat,to get an education,and have some form of self respect. You also said farmers are thinking of giving up farming because it is not profitable. You did not tell why. The price of fertilisers, pesticides, sowing,reaping,harvesting. That is just a few examples of the areas where the costs are. Have you ever farmed in your life? Do you know the costs and infrastructure needed? Do you know how difficult it is for small farmers? Look at farmers from other states. They earn far lesser as compared to the farmers from punjab and haryana. Yes MSP is not something guaranteed, but that is because the government does not guarantee it and the farmers do not demand it. They should be demanding higher prices. They ( the farmers)  should be deciding what the price will be. There is no empowerment for them in these laws. Not only that, if companies are the ones to regulate the prices, why do people cry about onions being expensive? The same thing with atta, maida,daal,chaawal. This is going to be harder for people all over the country. These laws should be addressed in even more depths. There are laws that say that the land will be taken away from the farmer as well. What about that? Taking away someone's sole source of income? You said that thereis good in these bills. That a farmer in Himachal cannot sell apples by coming to maharashtra? Umm do you know the distance they will have to travel? The price of petrol and diesel? The number of days it will take to get there? Forget all that. Food is a perishable commodity, it ends up getting rotten soon. And you would need more vehicles for your produce. We had food coming from other states already. Where do you think the rice grown in punjab goes to? To people who consume rice. A lot of people in punjab eat roti. Wheat/ atta is what is used. To feed the whole nation. Fact is even if you have given the worst and the best case scenario you have still not addressed the main issue. This video is not even well researched. The government needs to employ more people to create those associations. Also, saying that if you have already made up your mind, then this video is not for you, is highly unprofessional. If you want people to understand, you should research a topic and then make a video to convince people the best and the worst in a bill. Sure these are the main concerns that the farmers have, but this video does not even touch the beginning of the issue. Farmers all around the world are struggling. There needs to be a shift towards organic food farming, but what benefit does that have? Will the goverment pay the farmer if the company does not? Farmers in India, especially punjab and haryana farm 2 to 3 times in a year. To produce two types of crop so they can earn money. No one works for free. So that means they have to pay labor as well. And if they cant pay the laborers in the field they have to let go of them. Which means unemployment. Smaller farmers contribute to the economy. Also do you understand the impact of farming a land for tomatoes of a particular size,color,shape,etc? It means wastage of food or manipulation of food. If food does not grow a particular way, the farmer will have to use steriods and injections to get that shape. Which will affect the health of the consumer. Which will cost them in health care, which again is not something easily accessible. And if it is its not of a good quality. Wastage of food as well comes into play, as tomatoes of a particular size will be wanted by the company and the ones that dont meet their standards will be what? Sold by mcdonalds? 'We couldnt use these so you can buy them' the western countries are wanting to stop this wastage of food. One store here in the UK sells food that is not of the required standard at a lower price. Its called wonky (vegetable). Example wonky potatoes, wonky carrots, wonky apples, wonky onions. Do you even understand what food standards of these companies will do to the farmer,and environment? Wastage of food in a country may not seem much of a problem after all we do waste it in religious places. But ask the poor what that wasted food is for them. Seriously, you should have researched properly. Or asked someone what the impact will be of this. If not compare the models. I am not against this channel but honestly, not at all a well researched video. Sorry. And stock exchange is not exactly stable. It changes. Where and who will provide the information of these prices? Not only that, do you really think the farmers didnt think about these laws? Sure not all are educated but their children are. And yes anyone reading a bill will be thinking only about their side. Because for other people the laws are just. That another law. But for farmers this is their future. Also the price maker? How do you suggest the price? Someone buying the food will want a lower price. The one selling will want higher price. Also quality of food differs in each state and place. That is why the price ends up being different. Mandis not being set up in every place is the fault of the government. Also what makes you think when they were not able to set up mandis for people earlier, this time will be different? Not only that when the state mandis will disappear, the goverment will have to earn tax in some way isnt it. So who is going to fill that deficit? Also the state mandis will disappear. That means the private company will be the only player. So even if initially the prices might go lower due to competition what about in the future? They will go lower for the farmer not for the consumer. Also these indexes that you are suggesting, who is going to put up the prices? You do not talk about quality of the food. Not only that amul that you are talking about, how good is the food quality? Agar ek hi ko power do toh monopoly hoti hai. Then who loses? As a person who is from punjab and a farmer family and who lives in the UK. I have seen the result of allowing private companies. India cannot be a capitalistic country. Mainly because of corruption. A place tp come and pool your produce? That is what a mandi is. Also there will be needed land and people to man those mandis. Vijay Maalya jaisi bdi machli ko toh pakad nahi paaye. Choti machli ko kya kr loge? This is not just farmers, think about it in an enviromment, financial, health, infrastructure way.
Sorry about we can't do anything for farmers 
700 farmers die.. Who is responsible..
Because we all know how corrupt mafia are is India and Pakistan.
Because people of Punjab and Haryana dont understand they dont have broad mind because of them I farmer from Uttar Pradesh suffer , why if I loose money farmer from Punjab will pay to me !
Govt is conducting talks for the sake of showing the world that they are concerned but in reality they are adamant  on going ahead with the laws which farmers beleive will take away their  rights and make them slaves of businessmen like ambani Adani who are friends of pm modi
I dont understand one thing. The government doesnt want to set up a  MSP for any of the agri products in the Bill. If the government is not setting up a fixed price for essential commodities in the Bill, how is it going to decide that there is 50% / 100% increase (based on what price) in the price of a non-perishable / perishable items?
Now actual kisan will come & do protest bcz they will loose benefits from new farm laws
only one person main accused for this murder. that is rakesh tikait.  you people allowing him to became more reason for more murders in future. if a common person became reason for any murder, police will be arrest him immediately.. but now everyone is sitting silent. exmple police , media, govt, and common people also..why and what is the reason?  pls i request to all media people raise question if common person became a reason for murder immediately police will arrest ... and rakesh tikait is also a common person ..
Commercialization with the advantage to the producer is good.......but will that be the picture no........farmer will be only protected.....but the private companies who neither produces or consumes, enjoys maximum right.........but the consumer is not protected...we have to go through this rise and fall
This literally breaks my heart. I stand in solidarity with everyone against this!
MSP is minimum support price mam not mrp. Its for famers to not incur loss. Msp is nowhere in this law that will only jeopardize farmers. 
True meaning of " try until u succeed". Farmers hv given up hope that, asli wale 'ache din aa skte hai'.
Sainik or Kisan are real hero of our Country...Please Respect of Farmers .
By far the best explanation I have seen on the farmer's protest.
I support farmers.
Rip to the 700 farmers who lost their lives ....and couldn't see this victory
Good Job !! Very good R&D made by you both before making this video, providing every details in a brief. I choose to share this video over Dhruv Rathee's or Aakash Banarjee's video because you've not only sum up the problems related to farmers in India but also suggested some solutions in this video.
Please support farmer.  I urge you guys to put pressure on PM of india. 
Farmers can sell their products without middle men, even without the new bill. So why introduce the new bill.  Even if it is for the benefit of the farmers, why impose it on them  if they don't want these benefits. Why was the new farmers' bill passed without enough democratic discussions?
The people who were talking against farmers were those anti-nationals who eat food which actually comes from the fields where these farmers work hard. Farmers shouldn't feed these anti-nationals and backstabbers. Jo ghar ka nahi raha woh kaisi aur ka kya rahega
Every govt organization that was supposed to help people had become a mafiadom, not only APMC. If it is so easy to make APMC work in an orderly manner then why in 55 years has it only been degrading through multiple govts? I have seen how the farmers suffer because of this. If anybody dares to take his/her produce directly to the market he/she is quickly brought under control through threats.
The bills were withdrawn due  to two reason which were less mentioned, The re-rise of Khalistan terrorism (also the boost from Pakistan politics in it) and as usual.......guess.....the media houses and the half knowledge videos like this.
Well explained. Thank you. People from all the sectors should come up in support of farmers.
Feel the chills in my spine got tears in my eyes by watching this even felt like joining them even when I'm living in my comfort at my home because when I breka my bread all I can think about  these farmers. And Please make more vedios and cover this as much as you can. Love to watch it.
@Stand with farmers
Congratulation for The victory of every farmers in the India.
He is saying "Punjab ke badde kissan the",  Most of these farmers owns less 5 acres of land.
What about the 700 Farmer (Shaheed) ?
Pakistan & Pakistani Nation are always stand with Indian Sikh Farmers ... !
Thank for the coverage on the farmers protest. This is huge to raise awareness!
i am 100 percent behind the farmers
Finally sir ki vedio..wo b farmer bill pe...
Educate farmers ,  it works
One question? .why farmers go to punjab from bihar and UP to work as assistant for getting msp ?(which provides their family needs)
Farmers were demanding minimum price for their goods but when govt says it's done then they don't want this bill.
Farmers who are overly-dependent on Mandi system has become feared over some hypothetical situation which is created by some people to spread panic. I belonging to farmer family, still having active farming of wheat & cotton (both falls under MSP), my father & others around him sees more opportunities with new bill. I would bet on my father who is also engineer as well maintain our farms than any other...
Main na toh UPSC ka student hun aur na hi economics ka but fir bhi apki video dekhta hun, yeh video bhi dekhi kaafi knowledge milli but mera ek concern hai, apne kha k ek tareeke se yeh act acha ho skta hai for the farmers i agree with that but mujhe aisa lgta hai k jo badde farmers hain unke liye this law can be blessing but the farmers jinke pass bhut thori zameen hai unka kya? Aur dusra essential commodities waale act main thr law says u can store the essentials as much as they can but shyd when private players will come in the market they will exploit not only the farmers but the common middle class too. 
As like stock exchange platform may be some exchangers also will be needed I mean directly companies can't handle farmers  so as like angel broking, zerosha and etc some organizations will be mediators
BJP Narendra modi is worst indian political party in the indian history #shame on narendra modi
MSP if given should be for all agricultural products for all farmers across india. Not select produce in select state. 
Bunch of farmers of punjab and haryana.
So Noah is suddenly expert on the esoteric farm laws in India!! He blindly sides with the woke positions on anything.  And that includes the farmer protests in India which involves privileged farmers and middlemen in 2 states fighting new laws (passed by legislature)  that level the playing ground for ALL farmers in India, allowing them all to sell anywhere. The rich farmers hate that!  Opposing the new farm laws that India desperately needs to help poor farmers,  is the wokist's position - because they are unthinkingly anti-Modi.
Not everything should be seen from the perspective of economics. Such thought process is good for Western countries, especially the United States where the current liberal economic policies originate from. India is a land of 1billion plus population, majority of whom are farmers. Additionally, every state has its own manner of farming depending on the weather patterns, cultural dynamics and set historical patters. Now when economists such as the interviewee try to impose their western economic models, where agriculture is practised in a different manner, they are bound to get disappointed. In India, every state should have it's own farm laws, customized to the local farming practises. We should not always look to the west for progress but can develop our own model based on our circumstances.
This bill is totally against farmers
Why they are using religious flags for farmers protest?
This really feels like "fateh"...proud of the farmers. good to see them stand against fascism n win. Much love and respect for them.
Good work, salute to the farmers the whole country is on ur side..more ground reporting videos needed..
Strict action needs to be taken against these so called farmers! Enough is enough!
If government is for the people .... They should have helped the farmers till now 
Teachers & Farmers are just as essential as doctors & nurses so why isnt the pay & help better ??
Good start for would farmers.
Stop torturing farmers common people
Where's our, Indian Midia ?? Oh sorry, Modi didn't allowed them to cover this  ! 
And the labour cost+transport expenses are separate that the farmer have to bear
Thank you Vox for this. When in future people will talk about how Farmers Protest was a key catalyst in saving India, saving Indian Economy and Democracy, this video will always be remembered for how it helped many Indians in understanding the exploitative nature of these farm bills that farmers are protesting against.
Lekin iska mtlb ye nahi h ki pura bill hi galat h aaj india developing country h aur india ko development chahiye tho reforms laane padenge isliye support kijiye jo masla h wo discuss kijiye ye koi bat nhi hoti ki saala accident hote tho mai gadi chlna chor du
Can you explain the monetary and materialistic loss of farmers. Then only Indian can come to know the loss of individual
"The Parliament of India, after a full debate and discussion, passed reformist legislation relating to the agricultural sector. These reforms give expanded market access and provided greater flexibility to farmers. They also pave the way for economically and ecologically sustainable farming.
We're with farmers, they are right.
Being a farmer's son, I strongly support these laws and I believe free market only helping us getting better prices. 
We being as one nation completely supports our farmers. But let's not make it a political issue.
1. This bill state that farmer can sell anywhere.  The point to be noted
Us Delhites love and support our farmers
Mandis are not there, because APMC are not there everywhere. We should empower APMC
Very very bad decision. In Punjab these rich farmers have swimming pool  , 3 , 2  , foreigner wives.and in my stupid state we donot have such luxury and opulence. Stupid government. APMCs are BADEVILwhere the prices are controlled by richest thieves of Punjab. You blame Harshad Mehta of rigging capital marketwhat about these people who are danavs controlling the prices of food. Jai jawan.but alasHAI KISAN.
God bless the farmers
Just answer me 1 question, Have any of you foreign people read Farm Laws applied by Govt. its actually beneficial for Farmers the People are protesting against it are mediators. You guys only talking about the protest just read the farm laws and product the reason why this protest is all about and what's wrong with the Farm Laws! I used to watch your channel but I don't. Thanks for showing you Ture agenda! God bless You!
Now farmers can live happily, I need my money not to be wasted on them.
Half baked news....i am from a farmer family and these laws were launched for betterment of india
says .small farmer is going
Veer Das played a role in this directly or indirectly when he said" when we ran over farmers"
Look Modi ji just pooped  yellow, ohh historic !!!!
Shame on the central government...farmers ka sunnane ke liye itna time waste kiya
Hard to believe, after Assembly election, they may place the bill again. By the way, electoral bond's friends have to compensate this way or that way.
I dont know why dhruv doesnt show good thats happening in india. He showcases only those that detoriate bjp. Bjp has done both good and bad. They are doing very good in infrastructure. Hope one day this man sees everything and avoids selective journalism
Agar company apna scale use kreingi farmers ko lootne k liye toh CCI + Ministry of Cooperation regulate kr skti hn
You have to except modi bend down front of farmers
hats off to scoopwhoop...you did an extremely amazing job by showing the actual ground reality. This is how actual protest is going on.  Amidst "godi" media  barking khalistani, terrorist and all bullshit, your content is what makes me  relieved that true journalism is still there. Our farmers are very well educated and know how to take a stand against wrong. I am overwhelmed by seeing their unity. More power to them! Jai Jawaan Jai Kisan!
This guy was gona bum the farmers and you fools for it 
If not I support farmers bill.
government should be in between farmer and corporate 
Solidarity to all farmers of the world
Modi is never supported small people. He tell I am chaiwala. He behaving like chief minister of Gujarat. Bath to jyada kaam ko looting public sector and supporting gujarati big industrilist like Neerav modi, amul, and aadni group, and ambani group.
In my area potato is a major crop, farmers have been sending their final crop to nearby districts and even to nearby statea depending on where they are getting better prices.
Peer pressure of Punjab and UP election.
Please listen and consider the voice of farmers.
These are goons, disguised as farmers.
Bjp ke choro ko bhagao desh bachao..I am not congressi I am common man....who survived from 2014 to till today
Contract farming is done in Punjab, Haryana Gujarat Maharashtra etc since past 4-6 yrs. This bill allows an alternate option to farmers. I dont agree that big farmers only would get benefit to have the option of selling anywhere. Even small farmers are doing it but they are not expose to the larger markets where they may get better price. 
India's farming isn't working because monoculture, same issues everyone has
So many things are wrong one of the most frustrating thing is that comparing punjabi farmers with bihari farmers like bihari farmers have way less land than punjabi farmers.
You are right sir i really proud of farmers (jai jawan jai Kisan)
Wow super explanation... The farm bill will definitely benefit the PVT companies than the farmers... It only tells that farmers will be benefitted.... But there is no Guarantee... As Pvt companies will make sure they buy at low cost and sell at higher price... Which will only harm the farmers and the consumers. 
As mentioned by govt, that farmer can still follow old rules only. They have not been abolished. They still exist and can be chosen by farmers if they want
Please stand with our Farmers and let's the protest begin
If you see the whole as one you can predict the small farmer subjugated by corporates
I am from bihar & I am full supporter of Kishan andolan
Wondering why only Sardara are the only ones on the roads....where are all the southern states farmers ?
Farmers law is a good law . I support this law and government decision 
Farmers are saying and protesting for the same thing that abhi and nyu is telling 
India mein election jeetne ke liye log kuch bhi kar sakte hai. This is the best example.. Winning elections is the only objective!
Thank you for not putting a personal perspective or emotionally respond to the protest or the bills. NO OTHER channel that I have seen has given a structural idea of both the parties( "Government" and Farmers).
Hmmm. Think he has lost both the students and the farmers. Out!!
Now you know only half of the story. We want our farmers to be as prosperous as one in the US
I know I am going to get a lot of hatee for this but those farm bills are absolutely necessary, MSP is an utter waste of tax payer money only benefitting 6% of farmers almost all in Punjab hence the Sikh protest, we produce so much rice and wheat due to this same MSP that most of it is wasted sitting at godowns and is just consumed literally by rats and the protest isn't shaking up most of India, it shaking up Delhi the capital, I hope the government does not come under pressure and remove these laws,I didn't support the government on laws like CAA but these laws are the first move away from a 60 year old system, we can be emotional but these reforms are necessary.
1. Yes, the current APMC system needs reforms, but why she didnt covered flaws/ negative side of new bills? 
Woe Woe Woe to all those who are NOT taken up to Heaven in The Rapture b/c immediately after u shall suffer greatly & continuously for The Un-diluted Wrath of God & The Lamb shall be poured out  upon the world &  evil shall prevail against the people/animals & the land/sea & u shall NOT ESCAPE !
I was always with farmers
I supported this bill but we live in democracy and Bjp government respects the value of democracy.
So basically the farmers don't want a free market...
BJP will hire(force) him to stand against Dhruv Rathee. one more dhruv in making.
Lol many farmers in india supporting farm act...vox channel put Bihar in it's list but they don't gave bihari farmer per capita is less.. there are many others disvantages they faced like flooding and in some area drought ... bihar have 130 million population in compare to Punjab which is approx 30 to 50 million.. .our per capita land holdings is also very less...most important punjabi farmers eat all subsidies of central governments and MSP through mandis...since 22 years..where other states farmers didn't get anything or any benefits ..they want to retain government mandis and old system ..they just want to eat all MSP through mandis retain thier domainance and not allowing other states to do so..do your research before post..
I love my farmers, I love my country, my govt is corrupt.... #No farmers no food no India......
Modi repealed those 3 black laws: Godi media- MASTERSTROKE.
we are with the farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
While farmers were approaching Delhi, Modi Govt worked out a plan by which nine grounds in Delhi were to be converted into prisons, farmers were to be installed there and then surround them with barricades and police,  to be completely isolated from the world and to be left there to surrender or die. This plan failed because Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal refused to sign the corresponding document with a comment that farmers' demands are just and deserve serious considerations. This particular point is curiously missed in your video. Why are you so much against AK and AAP? Either you are perverted or have some vested interests. Which is true? In the latter case there is no difference between you and Godi media.
Q3 APMC were done away in Bihar back 15yrs. Did it brought some ground changes. Where bihar farmers stand in terms  on income compared to other state. 
White death was a farmer
These people are not just farmers; they are fighters. They are fighting since the time of great Ranjit Singh. Mighty British could not defeat their moral.  Salute to them.
It's an another democratic victory, for Formers & Opposition Parties against Fascism after loosing 703 Formers! 
Why don't the actually talk about the specifics of these "reforms" and why the farmers feel so passionate... Surely allll of these farmers didn't just turn "violent" over night their rights must have been infringed for them to act so strongly.... I'm proud of them for standing their ground wish to see more of this type of people power and make these government's remember they work for the people NOT the other way around!!!!
Edit1: there is a reason why  follows one party rule. In India democracy under congress is by thieves, for thieves and to thieves. A country ruled by thieves.
Unfortunately even the people who are supporting the farmers seem ignorant of the laws....aur baki sab ka kya kehna
The chatukars of congress crux can understand. Havent mentioned the driver killed and lynched was asking for life. Trying to make bengal where mamta attacked and trying to make an emotion. Why farmer make a case where there ia election sorry the lynchers farmer dont do such things. Priyanaka durga atleast come up with something comparable. There was covid only affected up not maharastra not kerala. These so called secular journalism
I have one simple question........ The farmers are living in 29 states in India and why this protest are ongoing from couple of states? From other states there are no protests exists. What is the cause? Other farmers are accepting the new farmer's law? If that, then we should think for them also. As a main theme in democracy is "Majority must be granted". So, we should think for them also.
In punjab APMC is a bit nice I guess developed that's why farmer getting MSP on some selected crops.
Amit Senguptaji, why not permit  Modi to loose in elections, when prices raise as per you?
I think it's not compulsory to farmers in supplying to Big Bulls everytime. So, if these companies start exploiting farmers and consumers, farmers can shift to better options in competitive race.
Farmers protestation does not represent the whole nation farmers . People without even reading & understanding the farm laws is just doing what others say is happening. It's a crowd mentality and such a shame to use a small kid of 6 th class as a shield. The kid doesn't even know what a bill & act is . Such a shame!
The problems that the farmers are facing wont be limited to the farmers alone, they will next show up in the general society as well. The current government has succeeded in placing the future of the next generation of children of this country into deep slavery by promoting endless privatization, transferring wealth to the riches, performing changes in rules that were protecting the democracy so far. 
I love India.  Yea for thee farmers.I use to farm with my Grandpa!
Up haryana punjab Rajasthan elections k jalwa hai yeh  bcoz of your decision innocent people died for no reason
And lastly to people commenting for sympathy  towards farmers, we need private investment at fast pace. And farmers to become rich.
1.bjp looking forward to use death of lynched bjp workers in elections. 
And why only Punjabi farmers from whole lot of Indian farmers protesting??
Slap in the face of BJP supporters that claim Modi is visionary or decisive,he just cares about the brand of the party and not about policy
And only the farmers who r already rich will gain more money
More than 700 farmers died many suffered in protests.
These laws will benefit big corporates which have funded huge election campaigns of the Indian government
We should also support our farmers.
Amul has monopoly in milk market.... Did it hurt farmers economic situation or it improved farmers situation? 
India first, everything else later. Even i am from farming family. We don't protest and block streets nor i want to move to some foreign country and then abuse my country and fellow citizens.
_Even after organiszing crowded mass political rallies he lost in Bengal elections, he don't want the same fate in coming Punjab & UP elections_
After repealing farm bill , many youtubers, tool kiters, opposition, so called farmers going to face severe shortage of foreign funding.
There are less than 1% who don't support farm bills other 99% are in support farm bills
overall its a win  ... but nobody. is talking about farmer who died  during protest ....
Because growth typically means increasing efficiency , so by that justification a farmer in 2020 should have better modern technology than the one in 1972 and the corn yield he produces today should ideally be higher and per kilo the price can either be same or less because now he has more yield. Also , with newer technology he should be diversifying his crops because ideally a lot of farm work is automated by machines and he has more time .
2) - Farmers (empowerment and protection) agreement on price assistance and farm services act -
Criticism for solution 1--- GR BELT regions mainly PJ AND HR r Stuck IN PADDY -WHEAT-MSP.They don't know a thing about farmers problems of arid and semi arid regions like north KN, Southern TG and AP.There is no need to remove ordinances  becoz Govt of PJ passed Acts to procure Paddy and Wheat.A Farmer should produce what's in demand so he needs to to be entrepreneurial without harming environment.IF ECA act is invoked again prices of commodities like onion will just peak WHENEVER ECA limits r imposed.ECA is WW2 Law whose time has come.
Be it in Farm bills or Labour bills, the government is trying to give the entire control to the corporates to exploit the fellow Indians.
So this is why I saw an Indian Sikh temple here in our area (Philippines) readying for a caravan of cars with signs that say "No farmers, no food, no future". I understand now, I support them in their quest for equality.
IT IS VERY PROVOCATIVE WHAT YOU SAY MR KEJRIWAL. IT HAD BEEN WISE IF YOU HAD ASKED THEM TO GO BACK TO FIELDS  WITHOUT FURTHER ARGUEMENTS. THE GOVT HAS SHOWN GOOD WILL AND NOW THE BOLL IS IN THE HANDS OF FARMERS. EVEN IN WESTERN DEMOCRACIES IT HAPPENS THAT GOVERNMENT BOWS TO  HEAVY PUBLIC PROTESTS/OPINION. ALTHOUGH THE PROTESTS HAVE NOT BEEN COMPLETLY  PEACEFUL IN THIS CASE.
This bills will be definitely bring some changes as we here know how our APMC hold by politicians and middlemen who manipulate the price according to their benefits
This jumla master says he was unable to explain the benifit of farm laws. Did he ever sat with the farmers before or after inducting in parliment.
We stand with our farmers
It gives more power to pvt companies who can easily manipulate Uneducated farmer.
Hats off to the farmers... Their struggle today paying off
The farm laws were a reform to some extent but were poorly communicated to the farmers...
     The fear of these farmers may be real, but not substantiated by anything but speculation, despite reconfirmation that minimum price will be maintained.  In this battle the spirit of democracy need to win, which is not what most people think, it is the the freedom of choice of every one that needs to prevail, and not that of the mob(Wrong word to describe these peaceful worried farmers.. but to drive home a point). 
In delhi these when you visit a any company these companies are not paying exact salary to their employees . How can you say that this farm law will parmanenly solve the solution of farmers.??
Congress game started in UP God will save BJP,  there is something big Happening in up, the game started any religious war I don't know  but be careful guys and don't believe Congress.
But you say me anywhere  in India farmer sell their products above MSP, You mentioned the residual power but not about the federal system
Poor farmers being beaten by police and government goons.
The repell of the three liberating farmer laws are a huge loss to small farmers and they will continue to be manhandled and exploited by bigger farmers and old zamindars. I feel sorry for them!
The end comment by elder farmer was priceless haha
I known kisan of this county,he does not like leaving his home and village even for a day but these farmers are being forced to Protest.
Iam a supporter of Modi and feel so bad for the same Bcas of someone pressure
Sorry Sharique,  this was a total disappointment .  Long before all this political changes, sometime in 2000 I happened to see a documentary about why our farm sector is not on par with the developed nations. The main reason mentioned was due to a lack of storage and a vast majority of the crop or produce being wasted due to these insufficiencies. The other reason being these middlemen. Bringing in major players is expected to bring a change to this storage and wastage issues. So now I understand that state also is acting as a middlemen while the one suffering is only farmer. A good example mentioned for the storage solution from west is tetrapak.  You need to do a research on before and after tetrapak to know more. I  am still a great admirer of you on stock. But this one needed some more ground work as it looks like you have completely ignored the productivity and wastage in agriculture sector and how to change it
Farm law is good for farmers.
Thank god, finally a video from your channel which raises Farmers concern. Thank You Sir
you have to subsidize farmers somehow. usa do it, japan do it, eu do it, china do it. orelse the whole society will suffer.
AttankbadI rakesh tikait is totally flopped.
Economics has total failure in India.  IN SPITE OF NO YIELD , INDIAN FARMERS GO ON REPRODUCING.  NO CONTROL ON FAMILY GROWTH . OUT OF THE WOMEN GATHERED FOR PROTESTS AGAINST THE FARM LAWS, HOW MANY OF THEM ARE LAND OWNERS? WOMEN GET NOTHING OUT OF THE POLITICS.  BUT THEY ARE EASILY USED BY THE LEADERS FOR THEIR ANTIWOMEN POLITICS.
These farmers are not poor but are greedy... they sell land buy suv roam become poor and then start crying. Mr.arvind kejriwal has also given them a solution which is alternative to burning land after yeild. Its was being provided for free but they say they dont want to spray chemicals 
But when did you list out the benefits of the new farm bills..?? 
He should be arrested and given the maximum punishment, even life long imprisonment Will not be enough for this cold blooded murder of the innocent farmers fighting for their rights to earn their living. Jai Javan Jai Kisan
this will don't show what happens to farmers if there crops fail and wont meet the grade and we are growing economy about 35-40% are BPL families and this pandemic going to bring more and our population is big concern not every crop grade will be cheap to buy
Can someone help me understand, why are farmers protesting, I still don't get it. It seems as if these things help the farmers
Come to Punjab and Haryana.... Jats women work shoulder to shoulder..
Hello Friends, Jai jawan jai kissan. Am in support of our farmers. Am telling few points and act i read. 
This is what real 'Punjabiyat' feels like... Mad respect for those protesting farmers...
Waheguru ji  support farmers ,hope each and every person stays safe
Godi media shame u respect farmers
MSP is a "racket" to enrich farmers esp. large ones in Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh because >60% of MSP goes to support grains like rice and wheat, the main products of the those 3 states. That's why they are the only ones protesting. Most of the poor farmers of Bihar and other regions of India, who really need help, don't even know what MSP is because they have not been able to take advantage of it (there are structural reasons for it). And that's why you don't see them protesting against the bills. Reform in Indian ag sector is needed because the policy has failed to elevate ag sector in a long time. Having said that I am surprised that Modi-Shah failed to read politics of subsidy esp. in agriculture. May be they have become too over-confident having successfully rammed through Article 370 and CAA legislations.
Can you review cut the clutter episodes where it clearly shows how those bills will benefit farmers?
Headlines should be how farmers lost so can middlmen agent win.. I hope you were with farmers instead of businessman.anyway you can tell yourself any lie
As rightly said, we should bring the change in the society by taking the right actions. Start supporting the farmers are buying from them directly.
Thanks a lot for this awareness about Farmer.
I think the farmers are largely mislead by other forces. Whenever it is asked that exactly which line or which phrase of the farm laws is not right to them. No one could answer. Even in this video no part shows exactly those phrases that are not right to farmers. That is what government and even supreme court of India is asking that mention those phrases or statement in the laws. I had watched the video expecting atleast in this video I will be able to see some 'Real' facts but I am disappointed.
Farmers dont sell your food commodities to town or city people...Let's see what these town or city people will eat.....???
Kudos to farmers for their Grit and determination despite all the hurdles.. They have showed us the way to fight against autocracy. It is time to wipe out bjp from India. Jai Kisan 
Once in your life you need a doctor, a lawyer, a policeman, and a preacher. But every day, three times a day, you need a farmer
Put the video of 20000 people in support of farm bill in UP doing tractor rallies.
Farmer agitation in India was almost identical to French  Revolution 250 years ago..
Defeat of small scale farmers, Allah bless them ,may their soul rest in peace..
This is essentially a transfer of wealth from Punjab and Haryana to other states where government is not developing local systems for farmers. Socialism? Yes. But, they are selling this is free market :)
Such a wonderful people are very badly mislead.. Middle man are enjoying.. So sad.. They never understood the law.. It's only happening in one state.. God bless them away from ignorance.. Irrespective.. Lots of respect to the original farmers
If this is so good then why farmers of Bihar n Maharashtra suffering.
Farmers  free ayi elle for there produce
Farm laws were pro india their is no doubt about it. They were not 10/10 but definitely 7/10 and step in the right direction. Starting from shankar guru committe in 2003 till now everyone had recommended these amendments. They could have amended these rather than repealing it all together. It's very unfortunate day in history of our agriculture sector. Maybe this is the drawback of democracy. This is very disappointing that now we have wait for another 6-7 years to again start thinking about these agriculture reforms.
With farmers
Amazing. This is by far the best explanation I have got for Farmer's Bill (and one of the few videos that I watched without skipping anything). Thank you Think School guy for making this video. Keep it up.
ye log election mei vote bhi nahi karte madam...ye elite class wale hain inhe corn flakes samjh ata hai lekin ye nahi pata hota k wo corn flakes corn se bana hai jo kisi kisaan ne ugaye hain...kuch relevant logon se question kijiye please
These three farm reforms were hope for us but due to bullies of certain section of farmers we will again be rotten in old system of agriculture.
Actually yesterday in Punjab, 131.14 lakh tonnes of wheat has been procured, which is an all-time record. I think your video doesn't cover the entire situation precisely. There have been multiple talks between the farmers and the government. The government is ready to make changes to the law. But the farmers are adamant that they will only accept abolishing of the laws. The entire situation is very complex and hard to understand! Also when you are reporting some numbers, you should take the covid situation as well into account!
     And what is farmers' benefit in this?? 
This is a perfect example of bullshit reporting by vice. Why doesn't it ask why only Punjabi farmers are protesting,  what about the millions of farmers from other states. Why doesn't it delve into corruption that is going to end with these laws. 
"She called people opposing the bill terrorist because, WHY NOT ........... "
All vegetables and Indian groceries someone can buy overseas is being shipped only from gujrat. Punjab's farmers are innocent to match gujrati farmers model.
It is worst decision taken by Modi government to repeal farm law. 
We stand with our respected farmers 
Why Farm (farmer gets) to Fork (consumer pays) price difference is so high in India (50-70%) ? Even Indonesia has a difference of 20%.
The protest should be farmers vs Govt.
This is the victory of goons and goondas. Real farmers will suffer more.
This policy is part of the WEF reset. The goal is to remove ownership of land from the farmers by forcing prices down for the crop. Well done to them for their hard resilient attitude.
Guru Gobind Singh ki Army ... I don't want to live long I want to live and fight and win ... God Bless Farmers ... Waheguruji ki Fateh
Only for Punjab and haryana. Rest india nothing .
Thank you for such brilliant video. We are stand with peaceful protest of farmers
We care about all section of India, regardless religious, cast wise....if farmers don't want any reforms ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems.....but don't blame modi ..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could sit together govt, can ask necessary amendment suggestions instead trying To bow down Modi....
Why were so many farmers against this? I thought cutting out the middleman means the farmers would have been paid more ?
Uniform MSP will be a bad decision. But I like the old structure. Where the standard farmers can sell their better products at places with  MSP in the Mandi.
These laws were so good for Indian economy and farmers but these paid goons won, only rich farmers with vast land and with political connections won that's it. It'll keep the middlemen bribe culture alive . Same happened on NRC CAA , same happened with this law 
You store wheat in Silos. This is complete rubbish because who are the buyers? Each state should sell into a market that pricing doesn't drop below costs. 
If this government is so much worried fo farmers why no swaminathn report which farmer are demndibg
Khalistan The Punjsb Annexe report from the British government has been sent to UN and from UK supreme court by SFJ and nothing can stop the dream of having our own land back. India had its opportunity for 70 years to work with Sikhs and respect our freedom and beliefs but instead, we were treated like guardians of Hindustan Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji was disrespected time after time after time and one generation of Sikhs inPunjab were murdered by the indian state, For decades our people have lived under threaten by the Indian central government. If they thing Farmers will clear the decks of Delhi then they are even dumber than the previous guardians of indian government. Modi will be hung and his entire chain of command coming as far as CABAL and Billionaires will all be extinct withing the next 12 months just like Mughal empire and general Odwer.
Try too put it in hindi or urdu as most  of the bills related to farmers as most of them dnt know English
There are hundreds of thousands cases related to farmers' interest running pending in courts.... That's why there is a provision to start these cases at magisterial courts....
When someone threatens to take your livelihood, why would you care about COVID rules. Most of those farmers are Sikhs, and Sikhs are the most honourable people in the world.
Who r the ppl voting for bjp..again and again...  Every is against bjp... This doesn't look like india...
Same way Modi will say SORRY again on 370.. Loot India Gujju model want Kashmir not Kashmiris..
grt vid u guys. magar yeh delhi ki protest mein kitne farmers? hardly. the real farmers are out in d fields. it is sowing or plantg of seeds ka time. and time doesnot wait for anyone.
That's what democracy means. That's how a protest should work. Their honesty, their unity, that's indian farmers. Rab is there!
I expected ur point of view but u gave us Indian national Congress narrative
and making e-commerce platform where farmers can directly sell their produce to customers 
I never knew i was so much brainwashed by bjp parents news channels bye bye modi
Its a loss for the FARMERS
I fully support the Indian farmers and who would not but not the protest. Poor farmers have been brainwashed and misled for mere politics which is why it's super imp that we research and bring out the truth to our misled farmers.
This is not a set back for Middle and Lower middle class of . If it would have not repealed, in coming decades prices of foods items would have sky high. 
When the time comes for you to cry for your empty stomach, then you will know the important of these farmers. They are the backbone of our nation.
Missy in green need to read the farm laws again. Propogating for modi. Silly lady
Rihana posters were burned in India after her tweet for pro farmers.
Public please support farmers
This was a major reform in the farming sector in decades...no govt would dare to do any reforms in the next few decades. Govt was willing to reform the bill but these guys didn't want anything but a repeal. This protest will set a precedent for future protests....
Delhi ke malik  ke chamco ka manna hai ke Farmer's don't know English and u made this video in English
If people can work in  bars as a government employee, then why can't farmers have a government job. In india government employees are well protected from harsh conditions.
At every step of life , every one exploits others,due to weak and flaw full acts, farmers suicide is continuously increasing......
I thought while talking about so sensitive topic you will do due diligence and a good R&D like you do before your shows but u disappointed me. Your study on farmers protest in India is not correct and complete. You showed the response of Rihana and Greta who knows nothing but shit and you forget to mention IMF chief economist statement who praises the new law. Which shows you have already taken one side.
Mr ankit I challenge u on this debate u r mould by fake news by  gvt propeganda I bet u as normal farmer
I really respected Modi ji for before even after so many wrong decisions cause of his leadership but this decision really made me lose too much of respect I had for the man...
I with farmer  i with jawan or kissan
And you missed the fact how the bill was passed in the parliament!! A bill for farmer without the consent of farmer union!! You just look like a new kind of BJP IT cell!! You never cover all the facts that are against the government!! But never miss you to mention all the facts that are in favour of government
We Support Farmers
Really disappointing video. Before watching the video, if you did not know, after watching the video, you still will not know. Farm laws will improve the lives of the actual farmer. The minimum sale price that is currently there, will still be there with the new law, as it protects the farmer. Think about it, you say there are 600 million people employed in farming, yet only a few thousands across the country are protesting. Nobody from South India even bothered to join, except for some Political Parties joining in. This is a game played by Khalistanis, and is being funded by them from Canada and USA. If a farmer says he will sit in for 4 years and protest and not work, who is paying for it? Think about it.
If farmers don't want these laws then put forward there demands for any other law because farmers are dying in india and can't work with old laws. So what they need in new laws atleast show that. Can't support farmers if they only ask we don't want any policy, that's stupid
We support farmers 
It's only a beginning to the long journey that awaits ahead the farmers.
Good video but does not explain everything. Abhi create one more follow up video with 3 parts with each part focusing on 3 issues on the bill. To understand the farm bill you need to understated the history of Indian agriculture for last 30 to 40 years. Most people putting comments were not even born then. P. Saianth  was invited by Supreme court  to be part of expert panel to resolve this issue. He declined the supreme court saying he would not want to be a "party to death" by any panel formed to resolve the crisis. He did that as he knows that the panel being formed wont do anything for farmers. It will be just like any other panels that have been formed before. If Supreme court invited him, he is qualified to speak on the issue. I suggest that you listen to him as he knows the history of Indian agriculture better than most of people.
As Kisan working on advice of oposite party and  other party interesting fall of Modi anhow. Modi agreed Kisan proposal but opposite if permit to kisan they will drink water. Regards
Police custody means giving him security cover & Royal treatment.not putting into hardship like every other accused.His father is home minister of India, Modi & Amit Shah their god father
Masterstroke by Modi ji, proud on Honrable prime minister .
These laws were not fully explained to farmers before implementing....may be if they had not let it be weapon for opposition then all should have been good ...still I'm not fully sure these laws benefited farmers on ground...they were awesome on paper but not on real life....because middle man didnt go anywhere except they now had something to fight for....greed and power were motives in this whole play in the end comman man lost
They are not farmers they are politically motivated  and conservative people 
Atlast ..ippola karyangal manasilaye . Pala utube channel vdos kand nokki.onnum vyakthayilla. Ipol ellam clear ay. Well done bro thank you for raising voice for farmers 
We are with farmers, and every Indian
You have done a great job of providing a true image of this movement by bringing history of farmers and highlighting the government's authoritarian agenda overall...
Those are terrorists and rioters nothing to do with farming.
This is what happens when corrupt politicians stop listening to public who choose them by vote. If the bills are not in favour of farmers, govt should negotiate rather than turn blind and stubborn.
That's not farmers ..
Meanwhile media :- Tractors are free distributed by Modi ji to farmers.
prohibits state governments from levying any market fee, cess, or levy on farmers, traders, and electronic trading platforms for the trade of farmers' produce conducted in an 'outside trade area.
Only Middleman (mediators) are unhappy with this bill as they r scared of competition...its good for Farmers as they can sell it to anyone who are ready Pay them Higher price.
I can't understand one thing even PM was once poor, he used to sell tea and now he can't do anything for these farmers...
Great support. May God bless the Indian Farmers
I din't get it.. there are farmers all over the country, but why the problem persists only for punjabi farmers?? please explain..
This black farmer's bill was designed at a seminar at Meriden hotel in 2016, 2017. Please research. A DU professor friend attended and shared this with me and we shared with farmers protesting in 2017 at Jantar Mantar.
I did not see an ounce of violence from farmers side in this interaction. Police is removing masks and talking. Where does covid guideline go then? Let them go and protest, cooperate with the right side for once you police people. Also, my humble request to protesters. Please do not engage in violence of any sort verbal or physical. Remain peaceful and talk with respect. Please be vigilant about any anti social and political elements that can come and destroy the peaceful protests
It's against Adani the largest private player, to be benefited by the laws, Built 12 major storage parks for storing and selling at higher prices, manipulation if market price. You should focus on that and tell who's he.
Lot of cases are pending in the courts. Some cases which started in 90s is still going on. Last week only , a final verdict came on a major case , after 28 years. So for the fast moving of the cases, and to avoid burden on farmers,   its better to gve authority to district collector or SDM ( District Magistrate). Its better to finish in district itself.
Both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
We feel PM has given importance to few people and neglected the majority farmers. In democracy majority hails but now this decision is otherwise n not acceptable to majority. Pls note in this process u hv disappointed the people who had trusted u.This is as same as breach of Trust. So we feel fall of BJP is evident.
All support to the courageous farmers of Panjab. God be with you. Win the battle never give up. Fight
Shame on people who still support bjp
Great work lallantop   hamare  Kisan bhaiyo k liye or respect badhgai .. farmers are the soul of Bharat ..
We support Modiji, we support BJP only who can take India to a new HORIZON
I was watching Abhi and Niyu's video on The Farmers bill topic and many people were writing bad things about Dhruv Rathee. So I came here to see. Now I agree with those people writing bad things about him. I'm 101% sure that he hasn't even read the bill.
None of those farmers appear to be huge.
Msp..mandis... content writers, directors don't understand this.. You need economist, environmentalist, researchers to discuss, there is a lot of depth is this 
Corona virus is the last of your problems...these farmers grow your food
2nd bill, its not for farmers to sell outside AMPC but for Corporates to buy outside AMPCs.
1) msp prices don't serve as a benchmark! In fact they are extremely high and cannot be even compared to the prices the customer buys at
One sided video against the farmer and in the support of government
Unfortunately modi was right. Farmers didn't understand the bills.
But these rich punjab farmers earned lot of money.. just came for vacation...
Wow, what a documentry. Please add english subtitles also so that everything can be clear amid different languages used by farmers.
The farmer of India always has a prefix poor and downtrodden for centuries. One has to either agree on one thing
Today , farmers win ,, government   agreed on all demands . Thank you
I support modi , all this is just propoganda 
Farmers can already sell anywhere what they changing in that case problem is if someone don't pay they can't even go to court and lot more hidden things most of countries folow this and they commit ,this law actually  killed lot of farmers even in Australian farmers selling land due to law
Do u guys have any fear of God or any humanity left ??  Remember, God, in whose name you are encouraging hate against common man knows the truth and your souls will have a lot to answer !
Simple logic is ur presentation is good but is desh me kuch nei hone wala bcoz every sector have middleman aur Ye middleman log ne itna capture kiya he jo kuch bhi bills lagao Ye system change nei hoga. Aise chalte rha toh ek din aisa aayega ki we will lose all farmers no farming happens due to this middleman dalal jo low level or farmers ko mandi me permission nei dete. Dusra unko sosit karte he.
 1.MSP legality kya yeh bhi ensure kar sakta hai ki a buyer compulsorily has to buy a crop of any quality at MSP or even at a lower price?
The MSP also has same problem.If supply increases and cost of priduction equals MSP then farmer is finished. Contract prices however protects downside.Contract buys at pre-agreed prices even if prices fall that season.Why this is left out? Small farmers will shift to contract farmi8ng when they see this as wiser choice.Mandis will still be available and APMC too as optioons.This was renegoriated changes govt already agrees and Modi says MSP will still be there! Who will sell at MSP when either contracted prices give higher or market5 prices go up at mandis? The last leg of this how to create 'access' to small farmers other than contract farming. This can be thrashed out easily if Unions demand creation of supply chains (cold storage logistics) by government or private sector. Instead ofr negotiating such very negotiable demands, demanding Socilaist era bottlenecks to be in place forever smothers the farmers into state subisdy dep-endency stagnation and poverty.Presentation says Mandis are run by state governments leaving out Ruling party's men, politicians and rich farmers getting into them! Naturally such loss or privileges to determine prices for poor farmers is lost and such parties like Akalid Dal oppose control of manids and options outside mandis for poor farmers! Put simply it is actually Rich farmers and rich farmer political leaders running mandis who tell poor farmers they will perish if they leave this triangle of mandis they control, a MSP that flat lines and subsidies into contracts protecting price crashes and freedom to sell in others states and commodities markets.  .
Playing master card for elections in up punjab...pehle hi kr dete ye kaam..
If Delhites eat food grown by the farmers, they might as well bear the "inconvenience". There are no farmers on Gurgaon borders etc.
Both farmers and consumers, both are looser.
Farmers come for their RIGHT.
Around 45% of population is dependent on agricultural sector which makes up around 15% of our gdp and it's share in gdp is consistently decreasing and it share in gdp can't rise which means to solve farmer crisis they need to be shifted in other sector
Some people have created this holy cow about agriculture in india . Farm Laws was a necessity for deregulation, now no party is going to help them in next 30 yrs. the occupation itself is on ventilator and going to di a slow death. Romanticizing with agriculture must stop.
Thanks for taking about farmers 
2. Why Punjab and Haryana APMC have the highest cess of 8.5%??
2. Only 6% farmers get benefit of MSP. And states where mandis are politically connected get the disproportionate benefit of MSP. This results in reduced fertility of soil, increased usage of pesticides and fertilizers, decreasing water levels. All this is happening because these states grow Wheat & Paddy in proportions which country doesn't even need.
Our farmers living in very poor condition.... Der crop sold at cents to middle man brokers...  This laws meant to give financial stability to every single farmers... In that protest 100 of police of. Injured....those police's did not even lathi charge nor dey did violent protest ...  Trevor.....plz do ur home work properly
Sorry mate, unlike your previous work, this one was a very fluffy video. Farming is a business like most other businesses and should be treated as such, how can country have such a high proportion of population(40% +) employed in producing food?  In my home state punjab, wheat and rice is mostly supported by MSP, we are heavily reliant on pumping ground water to grow rice, which is not suitable to punjab climate and has water table has dropped dramatically; so that is also a tragedy waiting to happen.
Its the same with us Pashtuns, when we fight and die on Indian borders and in other conflicts, we are not terrorists, but when we ask for our own rights, we then automatically are labelled terrorists.
Pray for all innocent farmers
We are all connected to the farmers through food.
Revolution happened in the farm sector. Better infrastructure and mechanisms should be made    for farmers to enable them explore all channels for their harvests
Waa modiji waa...finally your fall initiated from kisaan only...very happy today i will drink milk today 
Big victory for farmers.. modis draconian laws were forced to be withdrawn
Capital punishment of Ashis mishra and others,  boycott Ambani Adani's Government everywhere in INDIA,  kon banaya hindustan Bharat ke majdur kisan,
do you know  farming contributes most to the disguised unemployment in India. You should know about the farming practices in India, THey are way different from USA.
americans are talking about farmer haha
It's your team who can tell such a complex issue covering both positives and negatives of society, farmers, government, opposition, pillows, twitter expert panel etc so easily in 8-24 mins.
Don't play with farmers....
Both extreme solutions will be damaging to people. The current system is unsustainable as small farmers produce very little and thus cannot compete on an open market without government subsidies. Even with the subsidies the farmers earn very little which doesn't allow them to invest in modernization. The liberalization of the farming industry will force many farmers out of business as big players will outperform and outcompete small farmers that will be forced to sell their land and figure out by themselves what they should do now.The latter solution wan't to quickly change the faming market no matter the human cost - Margaret Tatcher style. This will have quick beneficial results for the country but many farmers will be left to fend for themselves. Furthermore there is a risk that uncontrolled land acquisition fulled by corruption will create a handful of  huge corporations that control and dominate the market, destroying even large independent farmers. 
are they gonna replace farmers with robots? more info the law please
1. An all India agri organisation be formed to formulate policies for farming, collection of yields, stocking of yields and distributing to consumers. 
These three laws are very beneficial to farmers of backward areas.
I will never understand those hardcore followers of modi, amit and yogi whatever their name is.. Bjb is making India a scary place, maybe they're bunch of goons that's y they are heartless or  whatever...
Thanks for supporting indian farmers
Then let's take a moment to appreciate these farmers, and how even today Agriculture is the only sector showing positive growth in Indian economy and employs over 42% of Indians while Indian economy and other sectors have been going downhill since way before Pandemic leading to highest unemployment rates in India in over 4 decades.
Never learnt about farm bills on any media than VOX apart from being India
Finished finished.finished Rakesh Tiket. Unlimited crossed and over from our India democracy  Now  Rakesh Tiket thinking that he is very   Talented.
so what i understood from the video is that the old laws were bad and detrimental to the farmers.. but can someone tell me what exactly are the new laws? how does the law circumvent the middle men and the cartels who exploit the farmers? Who will buy the farmers produce now?
State or intra-State trade and commerce of scheduled farmers produce in a trade area:
So everything the farmers are demanding, is not correct to meet for the government.
Is desh ke kisan fir se 15-20 sal piche chale gye in bills ke implementation nahi hone se. Agriculture me reforms nhi hue isliy farmers ki income itni kam h or wo vulnerable h.
Power of farmers 
after revoking mandi system by bihar state in 2006, it's agriculture growth rate is highest in then any other state in india, 
The thing  government is not making any strict rule on farm produce prices , companies are not taking less profit rather they increases their profit also decreasing farmers and so the farmers are unable to get out of debt situation , as they tend to manipulate market to lowest when the time of yield , clearly these corporates and government is at fault as farmers are part of this system they can't market it themselves
Yeahh finally thx godbut bhut tym liya #Farmerprotest 
Today RICH farmers won over POOR farmers.
Thats good for indian farmers
Major drawback of bill is that if a farmer didnt get his deserved price (as in contract) for his crop then after this BILL he can not go to court to sue the contactor
We should stand with farmers
Thousands of farmers commit suicide but nothing happens. Monsanto sold insect resistance seeds to Indian farmers at a premium price, but insects developed resistance to the seeds and destroyed crops. Thousands of farmers committed suicide since they took loans to buy those seeds. The families of farmers who lost their lives still seeking justice. I live in America and I feel bad for the farmers since these big corporations buy local politicians for no-action.  I am a research scholar and I was working on a project on why those insects developed resistance and that's how I was able to find out about the damage it caused to farmers.
With leaders political parties like the BJP and modi who needs enemies.
This tikket and his jahil team will never stop the agitation... Their sponsorers don't want to stop... The richest farmers of India is doing this protest... If these jahil tikket do not leave our court must intervene
Support farmers protest
 Farmers don't need degree for it.
7 farmers and 1 bjp member and a pro farmer journalist died
Technology transfer from India to UK : How to run a protest : Plenty of food for thought here for Ulster and Gaelic Independence movements in 2021 courtesy of Indian farmers.
1. Farm bill 1 has given the liberty to all business contractors that  now they will not not require to make written contract with farmers, here what benefit will farmers will get ?
Excellent video but very One dimensional. You have to get other perspectives. In the government regulated markets Farmers don't get MSP and are almost always exploited. The middle men buy their crops at dirt cheap prices and sell them high. This law allows them to cut off Middle men and sell their produce themselves, Empowering them. This protest mostly (not all of them) consists of big farmers and Middle Men who will suffer due to this law no longer allowing them to buy cheap from a helpless farmer. So the government is trying to help farmers in a way
I Feel that All School Students, All IIT Students, All AIIMS Students, All Engineering Students, All Agriculture Engineering Students, All IAS OFFICERS, ALL NRI'S and All Military officers and Soldiers must tell their stand on Farmers BILL and must explain why they took that stand.
And those anchors debators who were defending the farmers bills has no face now.  Faceless fellows.
Who is responsible for deaths of 100 farmers 
Union minister son was driving  The farmers have identified him.
Respect farmers they are the one who works so hard to give you food. But the bjp government is helping their billionare partners to grow more and more rich.
Don't spread false information....................why they haven;t shown that only 1 state farmers are doing protest while rest of the country farmers are satissfied with it..................... only 1 state which is being ruled by opposition is doing the protest.................
Indian govt has already taken the laws back for 18 months and has been open for negotiations, the fact is these protests/riots were never about farm laws but about Khalistani separatist movement. Govt should enforce army now
Farmers are some of these appreciated drivers of the economy
Love your way of reporting! A brother from across the border really appreciates you and the whole punjab farmers. Kisan ha tou Jahan hai, Kisan nai tou kuch nai.
please no one vote for BJP and congress form new government of youth leaders and make new india
Punjab farmer don't feed the people across the globe
You have explained it so well, its crystal clear. You have to redo this video in Hindi as well so that people who are protesting and the people who are supporting them understand the facts. Now its clear to me that people who are protesting are middlemen and not actual farmers.
If there is truck protest which goes  on for a week in India  , there will be shortage of vegetables , rice , etc , farmers protest is more then 100 days now still there is no shortage of vegetables, rice etc , so it's clear that real Indian farmers are in the field  , and they know that this new law will change their life and lifestyle , if old farmer's law of India was in the favour of farmer's , why are they still poor after 70+ year's of Indipendence ?
In the second bill when the demand is low the private player will buy at low price from farmers, so if the farmer return to the mandi the demand is still low at market and he will still not be able to sell at msp. So he has to get to party workers and brokers to sell his product and still same result. Atleast he can approach multiple private players outside.
This is done to move the focus from kamini kangna's derogatory remark on country's freedom. The prime minister mr narendra modi and home minister mr amit Shah has to take responsibility to take action against this wicked witch.
North Indian farmers grow more wheat, jute and corn, 
Sir ji who will fix the MSP for a farmer's produce------ the State government or the Centre??
First of all, these protests are not across nation.. but within two states.. where the farmers are richest, these rich farmers not even pay any Direct tax, and these farmers are 10% of total farmers community.
3. Develop direct relationships with farmers if possible and offer to purchase their produce when available.
Due to Punjab and Haryana now entire country s farmers will suffer.
Can't they just amend the bills? And then impose them matlab bill pass karke sarkar bhi khush aur galat points hatane par kisan bhi khush.
This People are not Farmers but Khalasthani founded People..
It's been 9 months, farmers are still protesting. Please pray for farmers
One year of protest on the roads during a COVID pandemic and THEN the worlds biggest democracy chooses to repeal the 3 farm bills 
You missed a crucial point , that is if the goods of the farmer are subpar the company should still pay for it at msp.
No Indian farmers didn't win, only 2 or 3 states' farmers won and the rest 20+ states' farmers lost
at the same time price of garlic in south india was 4000rs per 100 kg 
The corporate use existing middle men to get raw materials they need. Government has ensure safeguards for protecting farmer rights
Hats off for VOX , for throwing lime light on farmers protest in Delhi , none of the media in whole country (India) did it this much.
Support to farmers, but some people have crossed line between protests and politics. Keju bhi to protest chor k politics kr rhe hn na. Ya to protest kro ya politics.
No farmer No food 
You have only spoken about "legal" agreement.  What is the so-called legal remedy in case of violation of the agreement? For any violation of the so-called agreement, the dispute resolution/appeals lies with the local SDM/revenue authorities , whom the companies can also buy at the highest price! Even if the govt amends and provides judicial remedy, whether even the big farmers can afford the "legal" acumen available to the pvt companies? Please clarify.
I feel to be a  if you are telling me that you are going to voice rise against farmers bill
Those who dislike are middle men and farmer's exploiters
Govt is unable to explain how will be the objective of bills be achieved . Unorganized system will definitely lead more exploitation . As you mentioned that APMC were created to stop exploitation it is best example before us how unorganized system was exploiting farmers previously. Though APMC system is exploiting farmers but there is certain system which need effective  improvements . Middlemens can not be removed even by new bills . Govt will have to involve completely in purchasing produce to remove middlemens. Govt will have to be linking source between agriculturists and consumer , govt will get power to regulate living standard of agriculturists as govt regulate employees and politicians by way of salary increase each year. Govt is unable to satisfy farmers with question how will be the objective achieved . Unplanned bills . Farmers reforms can not based on imaginary perceptions.
Why dont you ask the ppl you are asking  to buy directly from farmers and sell them in their area/locality for a small profit which is beneficial for all.  just blaming the govt is of no use, MSP is based on certain formula and which will increase every yr based on the parameter or value when changes or increased.
I support farmers...
This was a strategy used for elections. I hope people do not get influenced by this. These were the worst years for the country. I do not want BJP back.
Modi support Black marketing that's 100%
Proud to be farmer and sikh 
ITS NOT A FARM BILL VIDEO 
If you don't need it then we don't need it... Going forward if you manipulate prices ArKej or SoGa or MaBa may believe you.. But We Indians won't
One day .. citizens n farmers of India can understand ur point of view .. we r with u Modi Sir 
that's why democracy is not utopia ......u have not done good modi ji ..
"Listen to the farmers carefully before you give them any advice" - M.S. Swaminathan (India's leading Agricultural Scientist).
india police, wake up and stand with your people, not against them
aren't these laws actually supporting the farmers then? if the leading cause of death of farmers acc to the government is financial duress, then doesn't it this indicate that income should increase by connecting buyers directly to farmers...what am I not getting here?... for all I know, the people protesting are the wealthy middlemen depriving the farmers of better income...
I'm form farming background and farmers don't have time or recourses to protest for months running tractor whole when fuel prices are this high 
big talks referring  bhagat singh, ibrahim lincon sounds good but without being biased can you tellme one thing- Farmers do not need sussidy for fertilizers, honestly pay kisan credit cards, free waer and free electricity no income tax
2)The new law does not give any statutory backing to MSP. In fact, there is not even a mention of either MSP or Procurement in the said bill. So, without a legal status the MSP and govt subsidy could be reduced or stopped at any time by govt.
Real hero are our farmer
modi ko pata hai ki jamanat japat ho sakti hai U.P elections mein. this is last ditched efforts but i feel its too late now to do this...
Yes there should  be a fix price  like all product , then farmers  can sell his product with that price  only  . It is like complete transparency..
Modi ji pure world mein aap hi satyawadi hain aur Sabhi to Jhooth bolate Hain
The govt is facing heavy losses in buying them. But is still buying because the farmers won't accept any change.
Journalist was killed by farmers as he was trying to expose them 
Women farmers contribute 50% at the farm.
We are SO TIRED of this shit show. It's not the farmers actually, it's the brokers (dalals) running this lame show now. Most farmers amd overseas interests don't even understand what's going on, and naive farmers are being forced to participate by these brokers with ulterior motives. Fun fact: 'Khali' also means 'Empty' in some Indian languages. Go figure.
The realistic things we desperately require is a strong buyer of last resort that keeps the downward trend (msp) of farm produces in check. He does not have to buy every day just help sustain the price floor. This will also help stabilize price for end consumers. 
Farmers are also coming from Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar are also coming please check your facts
Good video. Poor clarity. Shows alot of them at the *peaceful, farmer protest carring lathis & weapons*
If a Pakistani supports a CAA, NRC, farmer's protest isn't that enough to make you realise the bill is good for the country?
Dear brother farmers are already selling in open market.
Not accepting what farmers want is totally a different story.. instead they are on verge of harming farmers. So inhuman huh 
Incorrect figures,no facts.. too many things in video are misguided,farm laws were meant for betterment of farmers which can not be explained here
What about Andhra farmers Modi.And no capital being built as promised.
To all commenting on the issue, please get your facts first. Have you ever wondered why farmers from only Punjab and Haryana are protesting? Where are farmers from Gujarat, MP, Kerala, Karnataka, Tamilnadu etc? These are protesting because they want the government to continue subsidizing them
I NEVER VOTE BJP FROM NOW... I TRAVELLED 468 KM TO VOTE MODI LAST TIME...... VOTED TO BANDI SANJAY IN  KARIMNAGA TELANGANA .......OUR KCR IS FARMER AND HIS GOVT IS FOR FARMERS AND BY FARMERS ...I WILL VOTE TRS THIS TIME ...JAI KCR.... JAI TELANGANA
In my town... Farmers is getting check in mandi when their stocks are being sold in the same day.. Before they have to wait almost one month or more... And also because of E- tender.. Everything need to be put on internet so govt can ask those BICHOLIYA  if they have property (unlimited) and if they show their farm less in satbara and having any other job.. They will be questioned from where they get so much property.. This things are stopped.. At least in my town and village who come under our town
At least, to strike a compromise, Govt. need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to; to give them business guidance, teach them business & negotiating skills etc.  
If only farmers understood the overall benefit
India should partially privatise many sectors including farming. PM Modi's reforms make economic sense.
Finally all the viewers here understood about farm bills and thinking for a solution
Appreciate the effort even more, at a time when major part of Indian Press is busy in showing all the demeaning aspects because of blind biasness to right-wing. Farmers are the epitome of struggle, workers face all over the world and this time they've proved it with the Biggest protest of Human History. #InquilabZindabad
I support to farmers protest.. 
Wo chemistry honours ko bolo kishan Bill ko dhang se padh le 1 bar
Wonderful video Sir!!!! Got a clarity regarding this Farmers bill 2020.... Crystal clear and crisp explanation. Thank you so so much for such a wonderful video Sir . Sir kindly keep posting more and more videos on current affairs.
Continuation of subsidies on current monoculture will do more damage than better.. Small farmers should start with the change to the intercropping with agroforestry.
Modi surrendered to farmers. Jai kissian.
Licensed middlemen are such saints! They have always worked and nothing but for the welfare of the ppl. They have never arm twisted farmers to anything. We don't need no reforms. Also, this reform has been discussed and in contention for more than 10 years. Should have atleast been discussed 10 more years before its implementation.
You asked who is the farmer in that short clip at 2:33    I see the person with checkers shirt is a farmer.... I don't know why you could not see that farmer
I m farmer's daughter....so i can say very clearly these laws are totally against farmer...No farmer has space to stores, no farmer even rich one will transport crop outside state, bacause it is difficult to transport 9 to 10 trally....EVEN now we can sale anywhere...then whats the change...it just privatation of agr....and private company will never think about farmer profit....and contract farming is a way to transfer lands from farmers to corporates.....
Aaur mujhe nhi lagta hai isme bjp ke paas jyada option bache the like if they had stayed on their decision, things might would have turned like atal ji sarkar. 
Today, Farmers are leaving from this place after a year protest.
I support farmers 
Thanks bro for raising farmers voice. You always raise events than need to be raised. 
Farmers protest is one thing but its being politicised slowly which is dangerous
5. Indian Economy- as farmers are good spenders, they help the economy in a big way. Go to any city, and you'll find farmers from nearby villages making huge purchases in shops and malls.
Both sides have communication gap because farmers are not ready to tell  the loopholes of the 3 laws and government is not trying to explain the laws correctly to the people.
But you should know in developed countries, farmers getting higher price for pure milk than normal market price of milk.
It will allow farmers an option to sell their produce directly to these new zones, without going through the middlemen and paying levies such as mandi fees.
I had mixed feelings i am sad for the law made by uneducated brutal, unethical, goon government, but much happy to see the unity of all people specially farmers. Jai Kisan Jai Jawan
I'm a farmer too, from Bihar and we support capitalism.
The country will stand with farmers this time....let's show these ads holes the power of democracy...
Protest of Opponent parties on the name of farmers
Farmer win power of farmer
Victory to farmers of India!!
Good luck farmers
People of india deserve modi
Maine padli samajh bhi gya ty. Aur in that no mention of msp and land taking = no msp is gone neither land issue . 2nd thing protest is not on bill it's on dbt(direct bank transfer ) like paytm ,etc.  to kisan .Ty . Jai hind
Why Modi Who has come to power promising employment development modernization etc etc has stooped to corporates fanatics orthodox superstitions...? He is dragging India back to pre independent era when caste and  superstitions ruled the society.
Please support our Farmers they are out pillars
.... Farmers !!!! Even modiji can't help if you are not capable of helping yourselves.....
I have not much knowledge related to farmering but jitna mjh smjh aya apke video se kuch bi acha ni hai enn bills me ..y government doing this 
Why this one sided arguments ? During this so called protests, there were demands for Khalistan state, Tikait sidelined himself from such demands. On 26h January police personnel were hurt and were seen to be running for their lives, despite that there was not even one single bullet fired, you didnt mention that as well. Also you failed to mention that the middlemen and BKU or the farmers involved in this whole anarchy were limited to few States. A very small number of farmers. 
I stand with farmers.  
Congrats to all farmers living & martyrs for their incredible struggle that has finally shook the authothorian rule of BJP.  This was not only win for the farmers but also a win for democracy.
After election if modi win this law will come back ,This government should  not win .
All Hindus and Sikhs should relocate from Pakistan to Kashmir and or to POK. They should work with Indian government Or they will continue suffer. Indian Government should build small homes for such people in Kashmir and Later in POK.
Same farmers were fighting for free-market last year.
No your withdrawal , return the thousands of farmer sacrifice who's killed in protest. Your attitude killed the many farmers , and you very late to withdraw this law , bad decisions maker party  no eligible for pm seat of India like u , Regine the pm seat with withdraw farmers law dear modi
Es  ko kuch pta b h ki what is te actual issue of farmers....
3. Only big farmers from 2 states are in strike. Farmers from other 20+ states in India are OK with it. 
In a convoluted search, I came across India farmers protest new laws. After reading several articles, I still couldn't make sense of it, by design b/c I'm not stupid! Thank you, and that's what I thought!
what a mess did by indian govt to Sardar g. you should visit to Pakistan and look out the Pakistani Sikh community Happy prosperous no tension, all the time smiley faces even celebration with togethers. Now tell us Jinnah was right or not?
c)  All the yield will become earning of farmer with the apex body being custodian of all yields of all farmers from all lands. Farmer can hold part of full yield for his or her home consumption with refund of input cost availed from apex body with interests if any. 
Please support farmers and India wake up now BJP for India cancer
No doubt why indian farmers are still poor and they need revolutionary change 
Somehow Congress is able to influence Western media much more than BJP is able to. Westerners should know that by passing this law farmers have been given an 'option' to sell to private parties directly instead of going through the mandi. They can still sell to the mandi at MSP if they want to. All the protests are being done by Congress sponsored goons and not actual farmers
Sikh warriors. I stand with you as a proud Sikh/Indian with grandparents who were farmers in Punjab. The breadbasket of India! 
IF U EAT FOOD THANKS A  FARMER............DONT BITE THE HAND THAT FEEDS U
Out PM is saying that bill has been discussed properly in parliament and kisaan which is totally wrong
and it ended abruptly. You focused on the merits of the farm bill, where are the demerits?
Thanks to all foreigners who always supported farmers nd yes they r farmers not a terrorists
BJP in haryana: "Cannot allow protests in pandemic situation"
Thats wrong with farmers shame on india
question... 1. for the first law... the business owner can be private companies as well as existing mandis right ? if the farmer doesnt trust a private company ... dnt they have a choice to continue their business with the mandis ? another question .. 2.when farmers get into a contract with a private company r they not going to hire a lawyer to work out the details of the contract to protect themselves ? also 3. cant this law to modified further to add more protections for the farmer rather than asking complete repeal ?
Punjab government will be more affected than farmers. Punjab & haryana collects highest mandi tax  as compared to any other state
Yeh fake officer ku drma kar rha ha muje ni lgta tum kisan k bete ho jab thy tab reiligious aor is trah k farmer act ni bntey thy
You are right Ashis.The farmers of Hindustan could not be so unkind and aggresive.But the political leaders could be and especially the leaders of the ruling party even if their sons could be.
Just sit back hold on for some more months and do not vote for the existing government, instead choose one independent candidate who represents farmers. Govt. got a massive vote share in last up elections that's why they are so egoistic
could you do a briefing of the government on what they said before the election about necessary commodity prices and law and order desh ki beti ji
Hence, these must be repealed, the government agreed to amend 90% of the bill which means that they are wrong so why are they enforced?
2. I don't thin farmers have problem of one nation one market. nobody is fighting for them.
Farm Bill's must be dismissed immediately
You should have given a little focus on the states who already have this new system implemented for a long time for e.g. Bihar. Has there any improvement in the State of Farmers of Bihar ? No.
Farmers win's  because they have help to each other
Expressing your anger in an aggressive way against innocent police officers on a day meant to be theirs is the farmer's fault.
where is andhbhakt who were saying whats wrong with farm bills now , PM modi ji itself found wrong and ebolished those 3 bills this is called real power of Protest and peoples
The farmer leaders broke every promise they had made to the Delhi police. The farmer union is need to be dissolved. It leaders should be put behind the bars.
I am surprised that almost no one in India ever bothered improving the RNF sector(Rural Non-Farm Sector) at a national level, these are generally industries that are suited to operate in rural areas, it will help to diversify the rural economy, agriculture products are used in a whole basket of industries as their primary inputs on top of being used as food, so it will help to create additional demand for agricultural crops which means farmers will get more places to sell their crops
This farmer's son from Haryana is talking rubbish, full of idiocy, far away from truth and based on speculation and fear of future.
Very informative. But farmers dont have storage facilities. Storage facilities will be with the corporates. Farmers will be bound by legal agreement before seeding. Too many variables like weather play a big role to determine quality. I believe corporates will use these laws to maximise their profits. If farmer will ask for better price at the time of agreement then corporates are free to say no to such farmers. In the abscence of Mandis, farmer will left with no choice but to say yes. I think bills are heavily loaded in favour of corporates.
5- farmers are not the price makers bit price takers as u said..will in the new system farmers be the price makers??
Not farmers... it's winning of middle man &  Dacait
Woww.. I really liked the video n content and a trye coverage of the scenario.. Hoping people open their eyes and bhakton k ankhein khulein which is not gonna happen.. Goverment should amend these bills.. Supportthefarmers.. Good work.. Keep it up
According to Google Indias GDP went from 37 Billion Dollars in 1960 to 2.719 Billion Dollars in 2018. The farmers could not increase their income at the same pace. This statement relies in this chart.
2. These bills were implemented in Bihar and farmers from Bihar go to Punjab to work in fields as labourers. Aapne bola ke APMC mein trader price maker hai. But wo to is mein bhi hai. Toh fir change kyaa hua? Is time Punjab mein dhaan ki fasl ka price around 1800 rupees per quintal whereas in Bihar, where similar structure is implemented, the farmers sell their dhaan at 950 rupees per quintal. So, how is this helping?
Sc clearly said this bill is not active and pending in court then why kisan doing nautanki like andolan and rail roko?
Bro, APMC Act was scrapped off from Bihar 14 years ago. Today Biharis go to Punjab and Haryana to work as laborers. Is there a reason behind it? I am actually generally asking the query as an ignorant person in the field. Also, to be honest I am a little skeptical about your approach. Although, you had mentioned that if anyone holds a biased mindset this video is not for them, I however most often find your approach quite biased in some direction. I am not really blaming you or anything. Just as a normal viewer of your content who has expectations from it. It is because of this expectation that you would show ground reality rather than what actually benefits someone in particular, when it is not met, it gets disappointed. But, then again I am pretty sure, you guys are quite popular and would consider this comment really not very effective or useful in any way. Still, it was just a little sad onto how the justification is done only for one side and not trying to find what the govt. is imposing or how or why as the govt. says, farmers or in fact anyone who opposes an amendment in this country today is considered a misguided person or an anti-nationalist rather than a citizen belonging to a democratic country giving his or her opinion. Thank You
Minimum selling price can lead to inefficient farming. Excess production can be lead to wastage(which the last law may prevent). The laws could have helped the situation if they were implemented gradually over a few years(maybe 5 years, which is too long for any government to consider) for the farmers to understand, prepare and invest accordingly. Laws put in without informing the affected group of people will always lead to protests.
A) the farmer protests have become really big news internationally B) American news has become boring after Trump's exit.
Ultimately, the Modi Govt at last had to bow down before the farmers. Even though he has done to save his political image and his party's image, he has unleashed great damages to the farming community. Those parties which are still aligned with the BJP will surely taste it in the coming elections.
Wt u guys r thinking with ur head who will be the price disider farmers or companies
Punjab & Haryana has max traders so they don't want their money to go
Why despite of giving MSP on 22 crops govt is focusing on just 2? I know wheat and rice are grown in Mass and are beneficial. What about the farmers who grow other crops? 
Real Farmers will Disappoint in Future Definitely.
#Farmers win today 19/11/21.... Thanks so much  The Daily show ....
Also he was told 'aukaat me raha karo' by his seniors. Corruption is there in every field including FCI but many times powerful farmers are also enemy of poor farmers. Many times they are forced to sell their products in cheap rates and sarpanch sell in higher prices and whenever any good schemes are launched they take away all benefits and Poor farmers get nothing.
I wish his apologies reach the 700 farmers who are tortured with words like Khalistanis, anti-nationals, andolanjeevis, and finally died.
These farmers great grandfather's were never been growing grains before they were begged to grow grains and were handed expensive fertilizer by these so called develped countries and now they are only forcasting that Punjab will turn into desert in the coming 25-30years...
The real question here is how are they getting the capital to support such large protest. They are considered to be "POOR". How are they able to pay for the superbowl commercial. Is this only the farmers or part of a bigger masterplan to shallow the country's reputation as is of their neighbouring countries.
Guys support farmers they are our back bone 
Pl feel this should be forwarded to me Rakesh tiket hope he will forward it to all my kisans brother s offcourse if he true Kisan or planning for utter Pradesh elections he will never
Congrats to all farmers
Nice video and but it came in too late. Misinformation destroyed one of the historical decisions which would have benefitted Punjab and in turn India.
Monsanto is the root cause of *SO MUCH EVIL AND GREED* within the World's agricultural industry.  Farmers in the United States & India are both suffering as a result of Monsanto's monopoly on genetically-modified seeds. - If you haven't watched it yet, I highly recommend watching "Food, Inc." on Netflix. It's an amazing documentary that gives you an inside look at what *really* goes on in the farming & agricultural industry within the United States. An extremely eye-opening film, for sure!
In Punjab and Haryana Mandi system works well  But in south India its worst
Dw thanks farmer unity win 
Bunch of rich middlemen and khalistanis taking street in us and Canada...What can go so wrong on this one..The protestors hate modi and current govt. And want Modi be assasination so that their propandganda can atleast work somehow... The care so much about Indian farmers that they have settled outside India in developed country and start to farm.. Slow claps
Video me negative points ko bhi cover karna chahiye tha. Why Bihar Farmers can't get the benefits which are expected?
There is too much of fake news (sorry to sound like trump) like MSP will be removed, Private companies will have monopoly. Pls read the latest draft of the bill. Then form your honest opinion.
1. No exploitation of farmers by big buyers
Hope everyone watch and support farmers
He is responsible for the loss of life of innocent farmers.
Today on 19 November we defeated the modi government. No farmers no food 
Tell me one thing: so you are saying government of India should purchase their goods at certain price. From where that money comes from? Its my money. What do government do with that goods. Does government have good storage and process to maintain? Or farmers dont care what happens after they sell. Climate is changing, what farmers are doing to stay aligned. All income from farm is tax free. Farmers are selling some land to encash and reducing their land. I know thats may not be their fault. But what is happening within society? Everything is governments responsibility?  Then why not government purchase my digital products. I also face many challenges to sell them as farmers have many. So many farm loans have been excused till date. Why it is not reducing problem? I am not against farmer but I am against over sympathy. Their fair problems should be resolved as crop, soil education etc. mostly Dalal take huge percentage. Why farmers dont fight against Dalal as they do against government. Why dont they partner ship with companies like big basket and even local business. Why dont they create food processing units on cooperative basis rather than selling raw food. Waiting for your another episode on ONLY WHY GOVERNMENT OF INDIA CAN RESOLVE FARMER ISSUE WITHOUT EFFECTING MIDDLE CLASS TAX MONEY.
MSP: Swaminathan report suggests the better rate of crops(although it has few errors too: like not giving depression to farming equipment, and do not counting farmer's own hardwork in labour: MD of a company take salary or remuneration himself/herself, but farmers don't get own labour 
This is just the tolerable nature of our respected farmers who have adopted Mahatama Gandhi's steps otherwise they are descendants of Bhagat Singh.
In case of dispute btwn big corporates ans farmers over any issue farmer cant go to court directly and the issue will be solved by magistrate only who act according to even a local mla 
Finally ye bill farmers ke liye nhi bulki business man ke liye h. Kyoki farmers 2-4trali fasal lekr other state to jayega nhi. Kewal bewfoof bna rhe h.
Farmers are our real Annadaata and they must be respected the most For sure, we all stand together for the nations prideFarmers of Punjab and the large hearted farmers are generous and affectionate citizens of the nation. We all have deep regards for them as prudent patriots who have always protected the nation and the culture of the nation
Drop of BJP in India....
Really proud of our farmers....feeling privileged to witness this protest...jai jawan jai kisan
Pratik Gupta deserves praise for this effort.. as stated these kulaks in up punjab Haryana need to hear ...
Can you please explain...why there is increase of farmers suicide and its main root cause.
1.SCALE: according to a report, almost 87% of farmers in India are small and marginalised farmers who work on less than 2 hectares of land. It means small farmers because of their scale have to buy the inputs like seeds, fertilisers, etc at retail prices, small scale leads to higher cost of transportation proportion to crops, these farmers mostly don't have the means to store them to themselves so they mostly have to sell them immediately in the market and considering the transportation, they mostly have to sell them at their village itself and also considering almost all other farmers in the village might be doing to same thing so it basically floods the market and well "demand and supply" comes into play making them receive less income and on top of that less bargaining power leads to easier exploitation of them by the middle man, now mandi system makes the last part of selling a bit more safe with government oversight to make sure at least they get somewhat of a fair price but again it doesn't solve the entire issue.
This is purely a Jatt Sikh, NRI based agitation which is a result of euphemistic farming in the state. Other states are acing without subsidy, despite lacking economical and political mileage that Punjab has.
such A shame new farm regulations were desperately needed to improve farmers conditions and make them free from middlemen instead people played dirty politics  !!
These farmers should flee the country until learns it's lesson
Governments in the centre and the state of UP ,should rise above petty politics and allow the law  to give justice to  farmers and Capital punishment to murderers and lynchers.
Question. Don't you think and worry about the cartels the middle men form deciding purchase price and farmers are left with no option but sell as produce will spoil rot after sometime and the selling price plummets further down and middle men take in more money?
Salute to all the farmers
Vice , Vox ,and Many More  You guys are doing a great job at bringing Truth  Please Do we Indians All Need your support , Farmers need your Voice 
When farm billed cancelled bjp supporter said MASTERSTROKE
PM Modi needs to think about Farmers of India and not just his beloved Ambani always.
InshaAllah soon india will see a Pakistani flag fluttering over Red Fort.
Farmers have been heavily exploited over there for a long time. Even on the certain paper test this cold truth s used as the material, which indicates pesticides and seeds are so expensive and they can only afford them by borrowing money from companies who sell pesticides and seeds.
Great a government, who made the confrontation of  the two most important people farmer and soldiers. By keeping themselves safe.
Govt.  Gave the best offer to postpone it for 3,4 year and talk it out and now it getting clear it is all about getting power ,tikait the dakait fought election and get zamanat jabt.
A shame on Indian media that not showing truth we are receiving a real news from this channel about protesting farmers
No words to say about your contribution in farmer's protest by writing beautiful lyrics and singing these songs...
Okay.. you didnt talked about the tool kit from greta.. and how rihana was paid.. the khalistan protest and khalistani terreroists.. and you didnt even mention the benefits of the law.. as how this will increase their standard of living.. the PM of INDIA has already said that.. the farmers who want these laws to be followed can follow them and those who dont want they can not.. its not forcing all the farmers to follow it .. its compulsory ...
How many farmers died?
India has millions of capable people to lead the nation but kleptocracy and plutocracy has ruined the poor farmers of this nation.
Your news channel is duplicate... Farmers always real ...Nakli tum news vaale ho na ki kisan
Our farmers have the power to uproot the Modi government out of power.
1. All Msp procurement is not happening in mandis - means if mandis go away with outside competition, procurement wil continue.
Up election jeetna hai... to MSP Wapas hi Lena hoga...
brothers and sisters all religions and cast and all states of india stick together we are all one lets run our country the way we want as equal humans and free speech and if the politicians we elected don't respect our issues then lets fffffffffk them of let them know who the citizens of india are and who put them were they are  , im a son of a farmer to
yet there is still many comments support the government and modi
He is the Worst PM in history of Indian politics. Why did he bring the law and why did he repealing it. I will not vote this party ever.
Workers and Farmers in the world, unite! Stop exploitation of labour!
I think properly federal structure to be given to farmers
Salute to Indian farmers
 As a software engineer I feel an existential threat by AI , but tech leaders tell me AI will convert all software engineers into leaders and increase my pay. Who is right ? I don't know . Same with these farming bills. 
Shame on us for not standing with these farmers.
See, the government is not going to remove MSP and the mandi system. Prior to these laws, big farmers have been selling grains to conglomerates unofficially. Government has just legalised it now. Also mandi system is not abolished , with this it is going to increase competetion between the mandis and conglomerates ,which is good in a way. As intermediaries have been exploiting farmers since a very long time.  Please read the laws carefully.
Please tell this intelligent government to please repeal all three acts for sake and survival of common people who have voted these brilliant people to power. They really cannot acertain the time period of price rise. Price of a commodity can rise and fall in one week, one month, one quater, one year. Also price of commodity varies in different region across India.
Ultimately it's the small farmers who will pay for the idiotic political farmers
# and why they pass this bill in rajayasbha without a voting on it. I think it's against the democracy.
But even in the existing system, farmers can sell outside mandis.  That's for sure.  Not given in the video
After all the farmers deaths... Curses shall come upon this man.... God speed.
ONe of the best, thanks for introducing farmers true protest.
Its a good theoretical lecture but not practical and realistic, it does not talk about loopholes and minimum guarantee price for the farmers...go back to your books kids ...
Story left out quite a bit of information, steering viewers toward a certain viewpoint. What's left out as to why these new laws are needed.  India government does only buy a small amount of rice and wheat from the farmer, establishing a minimum sale price.  The Food Corp of India then buy the rest of grains at this price and resale the grains to the poor at a dramatically discounted price. The government then  compensates the FCI for its losses. It sound great, support the farmers and feed the poor.  The northern states have established a distribution market with the FCI and sell all their crops to the FCI, the southern states which doesn't have an established market with the FCI sell their grains to non-government backed middlemen. What this lead to is overproduction of rice and wheat by the northern states farmer because they know they get a guarantee price for their grain.  Thus the income of northern states farmers are 3 times that of those farmers in the south.  It's to a point where there are excess rice and wheat and because of the minimum sale price established by the government, Indian rice/wheat are too expensive to compete on the World market so they can't export the extra grains.  For decades, the Indian government have been spending billions each year subsidizing northern states farmers to plants mono crops of rice and wheat, with heavy use of chemical and fertilizers, degrading the once fertile soils. All the farmers protesting are from the northern states of  Punjab and Haryana, none are from the other states. They don't want their golden goose get taken away.
North Indian Farmers are getting some MSP
Hey Noah!!! One comment - "If you don't know, you don't know". You have not researched well enough. You have just highlighted what the caused the farmer protest. You did not even touch how they some of them are misguided by politics and foreign forces. You have not gone into detail about the economic impact of the farm laws. READ about them, analyze their ECONOMIC IMPACT, before making crappy colluded videos, which in then end achieve nothing but spread misinformation. In the end don't contradict your own theme line and make a fool out of yourself. Please don't blabber crap based on half baked knowledge.
Excellent Dhruv. You explained in brief how the farm laws were brought perhaps with good intention but had major intrinsic weaknesses that would have affected farmers. I agree that this is not even beginning but farmers have just achieved to retain the position from what they would have been pushed back to. This has given us an opportunity to understand farmers problems and support them in improving their life. I hope we can achieve this sooner tha later. Farmers constitute a huge part of population and if we help them in their journey towards prosperity, the country will become real world economic power . Jai Hind
10.Why the farmers did not listen to the leaders?
Punjab farmers will benefit from SC panel
Overall the bill is good but govt should give a belief that msp is not going to get removed and someone should take the responsibility of farmers right otherwise companies will take the advantage by showing their power and govt should provide a perfect price for farmers
Great video but missed mentioning how Haryana farmers protested against their State BJP Government as well, not even allowing the CM to land his helicopter.
Ola etc they are good to their customers.  Ask to them from whom they are buying services.    Mc can is good wid customer but not wid farmers here in patan gujrat. They give some handsome money to some farmers and cheta some u cant rais voice they forward good eg.
I do respect to both..... farmers as well as police force.
Where is the benefits? To farmer
I am son of a farmer feels proud
Phele desh bachalo farmers ko support kro aur bjp ko bhagao 
6.Farmering if controlled by private cos it will become business and will go n run like the tenant-onwer house rent way... 
The farm laws were good why did u repeal it Sir 
Farmers are siting peaceful in Protest in Dehli more than 60 days , more than 150 farmers died due to Dehlis cold.!0 meetings between Farmers Unions and govt failed.I pray govt comes  farward to solve farmers crisis.
Farmers are actually ill informed on these laws. We educted indian who see these videos are also ill informed . We should try to understand the laws first. these laws are actually very good for farmers all across the country. for example it was mentioned there is no limit for stocking the produce, but this thing was only for horticulture produce. it was mentioned that all the prices of the trade will be electronic which is good for every. People should come out of thier old thinking and should understand the laws better.
I totally understand what your trying to say here and thats also very true. There is monopoly in mandi system. But you can bring reform bills to make it more transparent. 
e) farmers coming out of Minimum Support Price mind set is important for them to become profitable 100% together
4. Voice vote is only chosen where 70 percent of members support a bill. This bill did not meet that criteria so voice vote does not apply. However, the chairman decided to go ahead with voice vote and for his ears, it was a yes. Voice vote is not recorded so it's open to controversy.
I hope this time people protest to keep the laws. If govt. wants to repeal the laws specifically for Punjab it's fine. They have a problem with it, let them do whatever they want. But why should other farmers suffer for it. Don't repeal it for the entire country, give exception to Punjab and if required Haryana also.
No farmers will do protest like this for the sake of farm laws for which they don't want to argue with the government properly.....They are traitors not farmers....
This rule will give more freedom to farmers. Let them decide, why provoke them.
I am hurt  and very sad to see the conditions of farmers.
1- Still do not see a massive reason for farmers to protest, if they don't want to get into legal hassle don't get into contract farming, Continue as you are doing now.
Majority popular and public support in india is with the farmers.
Feku  modi has antagonised the wrong people this time, the farmers will kick him so hard he will remember it throughout his life.
When Vox Media shows us what Farmers want and Indian Media says Farmers should try the new laws
Just a day before Punjab elections. I wonder why 
Bhai Rajasthan bhi India main hi hai reet , j.en ,A.en, RAS, msp , land scam in Jaisalmer, health scheme scam , loan maaf scam ,,,,, agr hum bhi India, 
One of three bill allow to hold commodity but what happened? Mustard oil and other oil went more then double due to this law but bhakt will say it is good for economy because it will Increase tax collection.
Farmers are suiciding please help farmers
Farmers may be given choice to sell their product anywhere in India for better price as per their choice. It is not retreat of govt but honouring north India farmers decision.
The farm bill is feeding the corporates. This is a road towards the privatisation of farming .
Arrest those Congresi who mislead the farmers
Those laws were to give freedom specially to the small farmers who couldn't get a chance to sell at their nearest mandi. The big farm owners used to exploit them by buying at law price and selling in mandi at high price. The poor farmers trapped in this protest and again lost its war of freedom and development.
Being a common man lots of confusion regarding this controversy between Farmers and Govt. Thanks for educating us regarding the 'Bill' .
2) Before any ruling is passed, that farmers should stop this protest,  Does Supreme court has power to assure the people that bill will not become an enforceable  law if government & farmers representative fails to  have the same understanding of the bills within given timeline ?
Not 600, about 750 farmers died..it's not just about  numbers...It's more than that.
I am also an UPSC aspirant and strongly oppose this law...I am with my farmers.
The farmers demands are genuine.Appreciate your efforts to show the real things happening out there.
Very informative with a generous amount of sarcasm ! Ouch Modi ji ouchh
One of the best video on Internet on Farmers Protest. Thanks Scoop Woop 
U r the only a voice that stands for farmer from the starting of this protest ..
msp  legal right hona chahiye farmer ke liye...is video mein practical issues pe baat he ni hue.
v good;  best wishes for our farmers!
This is masterpiece on farm bill .
True God died 4 all our sins n arose on 3 rd day billions believe him n sure in heaven,yet some reject
Wonder it took him a year to pass the bills...humm election are coming ooooo
Yo! Modi looks like Santa... I mean like a Santa who's Indian and had financial brake down...
and farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees( 3% to market yard improvement, 3% to district
people like you and me buy from bazzaar whre in the farmers sell cheap and we buy at higher prices and the middle men make the most. Now when the govt gives the farmers and option to sell directly to corporates which will be benificial to them and to consumers.
I support Farmers!
Then why are these farmers protesting, they will be better positioned with the bills. It will make more sense if 'common man' goes out in protests...
Biased! Talking a lot in front of farmers totally mute in front of public
India should ask help from Pakistan in this situation if India government is not helping .that will be the ultimate solution.
Lage hath modi ji #railway_groupd_exam_date bhi bta dete to thik rahta 
Currently, there is a flaw in our economic theory - monetary value is based on products & services, whereas functional #ecosystems (the SOURCE), have none. These unproductive farmers just like sitting in the middle of the road and do nothing and just criticize someone who's trying to bring the change, we just cannot continue using urea to increase the yield of crops, bees are dying, water resources are overused, no electricity for the general population  (free to farmers) and so many dysfunctional advantages to these slow-witted farmers, my dad started organic farming and increased his income 4 times. We just need to go back to the old ways of farming. Also, @bbc you guys love flying drones over dead bodies and other people's miseries ..shame on BBC!
#bjp through out from india 
Nice observation but it is way more complex when it comes  to farmer's point of view
It's weird that I would expect Vox to oppose farming protections in the US, but support them here. In the US, the mythology of the farmer supports unnecessary farming subsidies. India should not fall into the same trap, and encourage its citizens to transition from farming to other industries, as developing countries inevitably do.
Reforms are needed to diversify crops, to increase income of farmers without increasing burden on consumers.. but there was nothing in these laws. These economists should tell if it is possible without subsidies otherwise they should shut their mouths
The mandis will not collapse if they offer competitive pricing. Farmers were actually being exploited by the mandis where the contractors of the mandi had fixed rates and there was no biding as the video claims. This forced the farmers to sell their produces at low costs not even counting the transportation costs. Please look at both sides of the coin and do not propogate a one  sided rhetoric.
Dude isnt farmers can freely choose to sell between apmc  and  outside the market
Watch khan sir video on farm bills . It shows the practical scenario
The 'Farmers' mentioned here are mostly from Punjab, a state of India. Rest of the farmers from other states are okay with 'Farm laws' apparantly.
These farmers along with many others in india need justice.
I just want to say that there are two boys in my neighbourhood, two cousins, both school dropouts whose only intent is to have fun. They make bizarre comments. They than get dozens of replies berating them calling them dudes and fools etc and these two smart youngsters laugh and laugh and send even more  stupid comments especially against government supporters. 
So no, smartness doesn't work for farmers, protection does.
Just imagine if all the farmers in the country United and stop cultivation for some time or stop selling their produce to support this protest
Congratulations, & best wishes to all the Farmers 
Oh come on ! Its not farmers' winning but Mota bhai's new agenda for something big
Wish the video could elaborate how those who currently determine the supply in an area where the demand is extremely high are suffering. The bill doesnt prevent them from still selling to mandis but now allows them to ALSO sell to external buyers, in other words, if they choose to, they can continue doing what they have been doing with no issues. Farmers control the supply and realistically can set the price to whatever they want so they dont need MSP but even then, the govt has heard them and added MSP to the bill yet they still choose to protest.
Free Khalistan (I don't want to support independence movements, since India has been supporting Tibetan independence forces, there is not reason that I should not support Khalistan independence forces)
Why are most of these farmers Sikhs from Punjab? What do farmers in other states think?
India is a water scarce country that exports millions of tons of rice (a water intensive crop) - a lot of protesters are from rice producing states like Punjab which subsidizes electricity for extracting ground water which too isn't taxed. India imports millions of tons of unhealthy palm oil when healthier substitutes can be produced domestically. Indian exports of fruits to rich gulf states (a desert region) is laughable to non existent.
I o BJP leader mafia in India BJP big problem in India
From what I've learnt. With some agreed conditions, these farming bills can do some good. So why not debate on it and clear this off. Most People, from all sides are just stupid.
After election modi be like : It's a prank, look there is camera
5) farmer law me first rule        
Nice informative video but left without conclusion? 1. Is the new farm bill better or worse for country? Who will lose, who will gain?  Please add this last part. Thnx.
We support indian farmer
6.The so called "protesting farmers" are only from Punjab state and some other parts. 
Thanks for highlighting the farmers agitation
Thank you Dhruv Rathee for Supporting Farmers
Good effort to explain it in such a short time, Trevor. I'll say the protests are a result of reasonable anxiety of farmers due to big changes in current farming system and Indian government's failure to communicate the necessity of these reforms and reassurance to farmers. As per economists like IMF Chief Economist Gita Gopinath, the new laws will help Indian farmers greatly in the long run.
Why does 50% of the labor force need to be farmers? That seems absurd!
thank you so much.. even after watching a lot of videos online and reading a lot of articles I was not able to understand the connection between APMCs and MSP your video helped a lot in clearing all my doubts..THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN..!
In terms of international definition any farmer holding 10 Hectares of land or less is a small farmer. In India any farmer with 2 hectares of land is termed as small farmer. Average land holding of Indian farmer is 1.08 Hectare. 1 Hectare = 10,000 sq meters. In one hectare you have ~ 1.87 Football Fields
I am from south India and I felt the new law is good for us and my father is farmer and simple question why South Indians are not making any protests .? Always I feel protests and riots in Delhi and north India for everything.
SECOND ,WHY THE PARTIES LIKE CONGRESS NOT DRAFTING A BETTER BILL IN CONGRESS RULED STATES
Farmers protest is right because if trading started outside mandi then Minimum support Price(MSP) will be not there and initially they will get high price but the mandi will collapse soon and after mandi collapse since there is no MSP the farmers exploitation will start and big companies/traders will purchase in very low cost outside mandi without tax and legal support /pressure.
Critically analyze the new farm bills?
2 The Concerns Of Farmers were Logical Too 
The Indian news media plays a vital role in this, they started calling farmers anti national and terrorists. They  label anyone who dares to criticize Modi as anti-national.
almost the same issue here in the Philippines especially when the Rice Tariffication Law is mandated, farmers are crying about how unfair it is.  Wishing you prosperity, Indian Farmers, from a Filipino Farmer myself.
Dhruv- I had found your channel when I wanted to understand more when farm laws came out and now they have been repealed. Full Circle. 
2. Government has limited fixed allotted money to buy produce from farmers at price fixed by government. So rest produce is purchased by middlemen at much lower price.
Congratulations! Now all selling outlets of food grains will be sold by the Direct Outlets of all Indian farmers.
How come I don't see Indian flags in this protest but only flags of Khalsa? U r in USA which i understand American flags but if u have solidarity with farmers back here in India is it only for farmers of Punjab or all of India's farmers ?  Why at 0.11 is it written although not completely viewable "India Kills MI.."..why write India if you have issue with the govt back here in India? or is it that Indian flag becomes valueless once you reach US and Canada...why dont protestors protest under the  banner of Indian flags instead of using American flags..really perplexing!!!
These farm bills will destroy this middleman system and corporates will take over this sector in big way .
Still BJP is losing Up election
Rich farmers have won now but the laws were to strengthen poor farmer's condition 
I personally supported the farm laws, they would just as planned allow corporations to run farms who would employ there farmers pay them wages and even perform better agriculture than the farmers. Unfortunately farmers distrust for the government and corporations and the governments in-ability to communicate better with farmers led to large scale protest over agricultural reforms which would actually help farmers. current day farmers pay no taxes, enjoy government subsidy and produce only one of few kind of crops thus creating oversupply of some and shortage of some other crops, and in the end the land is becoming less and less healthy and soon crop quality will suffer. TLDR: uneducated farmers don't know whats good for them and are digging their own graves and their mistrust of corporations and government mean they refuse to take their help as well even though the government subsidies and MSP are the only reason they can feed themselves because otherwise their crops would sell for pennies due to oversupply and saturation.
Certain farmers who have been sweeping  trained by opposite parties couldn't understand what all profits were in three farm laws 
Where are these people when 1000's of  farmers committing suicide for not able sell their produce because lack of free market.India is a country of 29 states and protests only from punjab understand the logic why no other state farmers are not  protesting .Do you think the other state farmers  don't have brains?? stop your propagandas taking sides on international  platforms farmers bills are the most crucial middle class farmers
Protesters in India have concerns about bill,but Canadian extremists are trying to hijack it
Being the son of a farmer the policeman himself is stopping farmers
This video is why I hate BJP now. Whoever protests against them they call them khalistani let it be doctors, students, farmers etc. Hypocrites are ruling india now. Shame.
I don't really know the reality of the protests but it is my suggestion to Dhruv to get information from various sources and not just one expert. This is a complicated topic and the research in the video seems very surface level. This could be a genuine protest but can also easily be a ploy to protect their interests by rich farmers/ traders/ politicians/ committee.
#With_Farmers
USA stands with the Farmers of Punjab
And the Govt. repealed the farm laws now
Dude the farm bill is good for farmers..It provides them with 2 choices..they can either sell to APMCs or corporates based on whoz giving them better prices.(Though it can increase our day-day vegetable prices for city ppl)
Vagna RandaVat should see how non violence wins against a cruel enemy. 700 kishans sacrificed their lives for the common people and the  nation.
In case of industry in some cases the government gives land to industry but a farmer can not purchase a land beyond land celing (12.5 acres in UP) even from his own money
Farmers are doing protest peacefully , they did nothing and still welcomed with tear gas
All that stubble burning hopefully would become a thing of the past with the government planning to bring in a policy to produce biofuel out of it and even the farmers would be able to generate a substantial revenue from it and also reduce pollution in cities like Delhi. It's going to be a win-win situation for everyone involved hopefully.
The persons guilty of riding their vehicles over the crowd and killing some of them even if they are criminals and even if they hide somewhere in India shall be found out and shall be dealt accordingly.But what about those ruthless cold blooded killers who killed mercilessly and brutally just by beating some persons in the open field,what about them?If they are from distant places would they stay here somewhere to be arrested by the police or shall they promptly flee either to Punjab or to Canada or to USA or to some unknown land?So whose arrest is more urgent and therefore should be given priority?
Farm cooperative is the only solution, farmers should join hand, once they do it, there are so many incentives and schemes. 
Vice should also  put some light on the WTO and Develop Countries role on putting pressure on India to Do away with govt subsidies and make fair competitive agri market for foreign players, which farmer Unions  in India thinks could kill small and marginal farmers. Eg. Canada where Mr. Trudeau fully support farmers protest but his govt supports policy like these laws where govt role could be reduced, even they will say these laws are not enough for fair competitive agri market do more.
Modi ji : new product of new make in India
Why don't the central govt explain in detail the benefits of new farm bills to make all India understand...?
The world has a big gap between rich and poor but India and more under MODI and BJP the RIch and poor gap in india  is astounding beyond belief , in my opinion  BJP and the RIch Gujarati are taking over India .
Good news for opposition, bad news for farmers.
States had different rules & regulations to buy food grains from farmers. It was difficult for corporates to handle so many states with so many different regulations & taxes.
All congress supporters 
Librandus will say he is paid by modiji
bro they buy rice from use for Rs 14 per kg and sell for Rs 100 per kg... They gives us Rs 14 because its MSP which is in govt mandi... Now when private players wll come they wll give use Rs 20 in starting for 1-2 seasons we wll sell them very happily and wll not sell to govt. Mandi for 1-2 seasons... The govt mandi wll get closed as they r in very bad shape and govt also want them to close because they don't want to give MSP to farmers... When in 2-3 years govt mandi get close then  private play wll buy our rice at rs9 or Rs 10 because we can't go to govt mandi they r closed... Monopoly bro... Then in 2 act of this bill they can store as much as they can... they wll do holding and increasing of price and sell you the same rice in Rs 150...
I support Farmers because, not for me FOR US
As an Australian farmer and also an Australian, it was only 35 years ago that we were classed as a developing economy. Then the government had the idea to float the dollar and open up the markets, the moment that the set price on heads of sheep was removed the price shuttered then nose dived, the same thing happened with cattle and with wine grapes. We wanted to establish a wine industry, they gave wine growers something like 10 years of a price guarantee as well as subsidies to get vineyards established but the moment the government set minimum price was pulled prices plummeted, not because the wineries couldn't afford it but because they seen the opportunity to make more money on their end and essentially shafting the wine grape growers by paying almost 1/5 of the price. Worst hit was probably the wool industry, practically overnight prices per bale dropped and all of a sudden when factoring futures farmers ended up owing money on their stock
And now farm bills are going to be scrapped.
Otherwise farmers will remain poor
Bhi ji you are the best real news you are the best because you mom dad is the best god bless you brother kisan majdoor morcha zendabad punjab zendabad
wow what a piece of propaganda, unfortunately all farmer are so rich that they are committing suicide everyday for not paying the loan on time. FYI gujarat farmer are selling directly their produce to MNC under the contract.
I think govt should modified the bill properly. It have so many loop holes.
Farmers are our countrymen and they are our Annadatas.
 a) The government says that now the farmers will have freedom to sell to anyone. Under the bill, the agri-business companies, corporate and traders will be allowed to open their own markets to purchase from farmers. However, the biggest fear coming from this is that it will destroy the level playing field between the APMC markets and other traders. Under the bill, the trade outside the APMC Mandis is virtually unregulated.
Now no one can't creat artificial demand of good. Because farmers can sell goods directly
Great India, Great Farmers 
If that is true the farmers are going to get the duel benefit of selling his produce to apmc as well as anywhere he gets maximum price
The two states of punjab and haryana has monopoly and govt buy most of the wheat fron them. 
They r justified, we common man of India support them cos they r fighting our fight. Thx to farmers.
Up election hain modi ji 
Can someone pls explain all this to me...from my perspective idk why I feel that the government is correct...like they made a law for the farmers right? How is it related to taking away their land...I might be wrong so can someone explain 
You explained it wonderfully but i have this doubt Why were farmers against this bill?
Where did farmer get the
This is an incorrect interpretation of the Farm Bills. The APMC or Mandi System will continue to exist but the farmers now have the freedom to choose where to sell their produce. There is nothing wrong with the legislation, what's wrong is the implementation. Vox has a responsibility towards its viewers, please don't mislead them.
#FarmersProtests 
Im agriculture graduate and this video clear my vision n concern about the farm bills thanks a lot.
The best thing in this protest Haryana wale & punjab wale unite together .this is our culture we live together & stay together jai jawan jai kisan
#isuportfarmers
Sir maharastra's suicide cases of cotton and onion farmers should also be quoted
Why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP have problems with the farm law.
This type of same farm  policy is followed by china , Vietnam and Thailand and they are exporting more .. if they are doing it's good if india is doing then it's bad ??
Mamm can please bring up the topic on Land acquisitions on infrastructure development and under which ground can the affected farmers and damege properties be restored and rehabilitate by the govt.?what are the provisions given to the effected victims of Rural farmers if he belongs to SC/ST or other catagory?
The whole fear of farmers is based on prediction.
Even when he was killing Sukhbir, Kishan was present on the right, this Kishan is not a terrorist.
Punjab farmers don't like Modi, so they don't like 3 bills as well. They have negative thinking,  why not others states farmers protesting, because they have trust on Modi.
2.Essence and commodity act let cooperate roam free and stock as much as they want and cooperates can increase prices artificially
These laws are far more in favour of farmers then perceived in the media, just go through three laws, any progressive, logical ,rational people will favour such laws anyways you guy should do more research before jumping the guns.
Salute to farmers !!!!
1:43 Zee news anchor caught by kisaans yesterday for false reporting
Yesterday I went to Singu borader for support Farmers!
How can I miss the left wing parties in opposition...they all wanted these bills...and wrote them into there manifesto but when Modi implemented them...they are creating anarchy.
Kuch Kisan ?  ... Pagle all Kisan opposed new farmers law .
Big support to our beloved  sikh brothers and farmers..   stay strong veero we are with u with our prayers...
So sad for those farmers
this is not done, i support farmers but the vid was misleading where it said the "protest briefly turned violent" , the fuck u call rampaging of Red Fort in Delhi briefly, its same as what happened in capitol building in USA  but u guys did not call the briefly. I like Trevor Noah but its wrong
Bjp ki sarkar ne or kuch kia ho na nhi 1 kmm to zrur kia hr jgah hindu muslim, dhram k naam pr bantne ka kmm. Jhaa leaders ko ye smjhana chaiye ki hindu muslim sikh isaai hm sb 1 hai vha ye bjp k leaders lge hue hai bhdkane hm sb logon ko bantne, ab koi acha kmm kia ho inhone to btae ab ye thodi bolenge bjp wale ki hmne hrr jgah nfrat falai hai. Shameless Leaders of bjp, Ab kuch andhbhakt bhi honge jinhe smhj aa rha hoga ki bjp kuch theek nhi kr rhi, pr ab itne saalo se bichare aankhe bnd kr k bjp k gungan krne lge hue the ab unhe bhi shrm aa rhi hogi khul k bjp ka virodh krne mai, ki log kya  khenge ki itne saalo se bewakoof bnte aa rhe the. Pr mai unse ye khna chaunga ki abhi bhi der nhi hui hai. We all have to unite now and show them that we all are still together and we will not fight because of their cheap dirty political agendas. Now we want that our country should grow and be happy as before 2014. Its enough now bjp
Let me give my insight into this. in 1950's India had to import grains from the US as our farms were unable to catch up with rising demands. The Government brought the Agriculture reforms which were hit by similar protests but eventually "green revolution" took place and today India is a big exporter of grains. Presently, we all need a new set of Agri reforms as the current state suits the middlemen and our farms might become Arid lands with current practices. The protest is a combination of the vested interest of middlemen, politics, and high handiness of the Government. India needs Agri reforms to remain competitive and to be able to feed its ever-growing population.
Disclaimer: any resemblance of this with the farmers agitation is a coincidence.
I stand with Farmers
We stand with farmer
So it's good for farmer's or need some improvement in 3 bills?
This is not a victory of indian punjabi farmers but also of farmers allaround World against exploitation of capitalism
Cunningly Indian Government bifurcated Churhda Punjab into three states to dilute the strength of Sikhs. For ultimate subjugation, Indian Army attacked Golden Temple and Akal Takht was heavily damaged and desecrated. 
However at present farmers are leading btr life ... Once after the Bill enters .. farmers will become slaves of Retail sectors
.So 100% procurement by govt with MSP not from the mandis but directly from the farming lands
All in Favour to Our Farmers 
The present fears are that Conglomerate capitalism will raise its head and farmers will stand to lose once the APMC structure is destroyed or made dysfunctional. 
If various states have passed resolution against the bills in their respective parliament, then y is the protest happening
Gobarnomic bhakts be like 3 farm laws were not only for only punjab and up... What about farmers of other states lol... West bengal election just gave them the ans to supprt of farmers protest.
No food no farmers 
Hello Ge, I need clarification here In second bill u said middle man can again take advantage of famers due to persecution but govt already eradicated middle man in 1st bill.So by which farmer can directly sell to the consumers from using 2 bills transperantly.
Why you are silent on middleman and brokers who are exploiting farmers? You should be impartial..
Lol ,complaining about capitalism here in US which itself is a capitalist country. No way farmer bills shall be taken back. I hope the govt doesn't give in to those rich and affluent middlemen from Punjab and Haryana.
Bhai election kareeb a rhy h aur bjp ka performance bekaar ho gya tha to kya krenge ye
You don't know how on the name of farmers peoples are working as a protest more than 50 percent in the protest they are broker which take farmers money and for that government has passed the law by which all the broker will lose their money and all the money will go too farmers pocket..
I think you are presenting only government sides of the view. Bihar has done away with the Apmc long time ago..what happened to the farmers of Bihar? In contract farming,if any disputes arise,can you think of fight between a farmer and corporate leaders?
And makes alot of sense lets protest in California for farmers in India!
It is good video you have covered so many things about issue but I just want to know to why you always against bjp ( I am not bjp supporter ) this bill will help so many farmers related to taxes and business
Farmers need to stop burning stubble.
Total number of farmers protesting - Around 300,000
Repealing the Farm Act. Is a master strock of Modiji. Chit bhi mera Pat bhi mera .
Sir according to me in essential commodity act was enacted when there was shortage of food in india now we have abundant of food n eventually this also get wasted due to fact that every farmer release their crop in same time ,this lead to the lower prize and wastage of food and now they can store the crop and wait for gud time  for prize to come up .
Farmers are the roots of our life and india.
Superb explanation about farm bill. Thank u.
Very well said . We support farmers . Still it's a protest for the msp there demands should be heard
Exactly...farmer co-operation are required...now farmers are required to make themselves a union
What we Learn from Kisan protest if you have Detemination, patience and peacefullness then you gonna win even though you fight against the most powerful .salute to kishan protest
Thanks a lot Vox for covering this while Indian media is busy praising the government and labelling the farmers 'terrorists'.
Pehle dhruv ratherr khud bill padho!! Agr sach me bill farmers ke khilaf hota toh pure bharat me 15 crore farmers h! Sb road pr aajate aur central yeh laws vps le leti!!!!
At last he is seeing sense. Let us all live in peace. I am glad that punjabi land will not be stolen by modi's freinds. Modi should help clean up India and make India even more greater country. We should all support the cleaning up of India. Making it a completely cleaner country. Instead of being sadly one of the most dirtiest countries in the world. Peace and unity is needed. Say no to racism.
Well, Modi was voted in by a legitimate election process? Like George Carlin said...can't complain if you voted for him, that's why he never voted. Use the democratic process and vote someone in that will help you.
Proud of our Kisaan  but  for Farmers who lost their lives for fighting there own rights
This shameful PM didnt even once go Nd give his condolences to the almost 1000 lives lost in these protests..he Nd his communal hatred party called us khalistsnis, terrorists nd what not...now its Kisaan Nd anndaata..? 
Agriculture refugees... gives me goosebumps every time I see a beggar who used to be a farmer...
Till now 205 people died #farmersprotest.  Thankyou vise
A bjp minister says its a step taken for elections. Post victory these laws will be rephrased and brought into action. As if bjp. Keep dreaming.....
RIP to rogi and his Rogis including gobar bhakts May God bless them RIP to my farmers brother's
Just look at all the symbols of yellow flags of all the protests outside of India. "Khalistani" is written on them.
This is the present situation of most of our farmers.
8:22 while here, he said MSP will not be provided outside of the mandi and so farmers will not be be able to benefit with the MSP, 
For an unbiased version of the repeal of the bills please refer to shekhar gupta s the print (also a leftist!). He will bring a more clear picture than this one...
2. The Mandiwalas will anyway benefit, either thru Mandis/APMCs. The mandiwala cum farmer will enjoy the best advantages and they will even team up with the Corporates against whom they are protesting(no friend or enemy in making money together!)
If the farmers are moving out of the mandis, they are probably doing so because they're getting better prices, since they wouldn't do so at a loss when mandis still exist. You have pretended to decode the farm laws where as you've put no effort in delving in the other side of the story.
They are not farmers they are paid
The guy in green turban is correct....We r with our farmer's....Jai Jawan Jai kissan
Thx for showing the pain of farmers
Ambani the billionaire sponsor for BJP was worth 14 billion in 2014 when Modi was elected today his net worth is 60 billion. His firm reliance is gobbling up infrastructure, defense, retail, oil and gas industries. In return for his funding,  projects in most sectors were allocated  to his company reliance and it's subsidiaries. We pretty much will end up wearing a reliance manufactured underwear, eating reliance branded food in the next few years.
We support farmers 
I personally have just one issue with this analysis, which is to treat the word "farmers" as a homogeneous group. I believe all analysis on farmers' issues will become much more nuanced once we start categorising different types of farmers based on their landholdings, mechanisation, labour employed etc. The status quo definitely benefits some stakeholders (otherwise it wouldn't have existed) and any reform will hurt this category. At the end of the day, if the reform hurts the richest category of farmers marginally in the short run, while increasing the options for the most marginal category of farmers, then it comes down to who do you support in this scenario.
1stly understand farmers of two states i.e Punjab and Haryana are protesting other farmers r silent, bcoz they will be benefited from this laws. Kindly check the facts
He is being biased here. Take his words with a pinch of salt. Only a small portion of farmers from Punjab, Harayana and Madhyapradesh were benefited from the previous bill.
You people migrated to usa and actually dont do nothing for farmers in India. People stay in usa and are middleman who take commissions off of small farmers. Indian govt is not against farmers. The punjabi people just want to control the farming land and dont give it to others. The small farmers are not protesting in India. Punjabis own huge farming land and dont want to give it hence they will lose the middleman position. This has become big politics.
All farmers are selling across India even today. 
750 people died in this complete struggle of Farmers ,no remorse shown in his face not even spoken of their misery ,shameful.
there just saying it is the problem ....when private players enter the market apmc will automatically removed like bihar  and price of grains became half for farmer and due to no barring on storage private players store it and sale at their awn prices......
Now Adani (who also funded BJP'S campaigns) is going to leverage these new laws to destroy the lives of farmers. 
In Sha Allah the punjabi community and the farming community will win this protest, the backbone of all developing countries are farming and government who try to destroy it should be tried for treason.
Not satisfied with this Modiji 
Congress or BJP the love is for chair 
Farm bills and Yuri Bezmenov's lecture are 2 most viewed video of this channel and irony is, that they both go hand-in-hand with each other.
4:52 wonder why farmers need to have swords and weapons
Minimum support  price is not eliminated. Middlemen eliminated, whenever a new law comes there will come a resistance. These bills are good for farmers.
Bill 3 me sirf kisan nahi aare citizens problem me aa sakte hai unlimited holding se chizo ke bhaw bade thekedar decide karege aur sarkar thakur bani rahe jayege 
Cheers for the farmers and their supporters. News channels that tried to give negative image to farmers should publicly apologise since their master have surrendered too
Lets us see  how our retailers can manage the situation.  Farmers to the consumers will be a wishful thinking .Lets see how it works.
Now farm bills - defeat
the farm laws help the farmers
Which means " Glory to the soldier and glory to the farmer".
Kisan Kisan India labour India  mother India women India Ambedkar India all all all people help help help
U r showing them like they r doing something revolutionary... They r those farmer who hv 70 % and they r just 2 % of former or even less
Farmers will win Agar farmers hain to hum Hain
sry sir bt reformer Modi that is not correct word. kya aap nhi mante hai ke Modi Gov. ne apne faisle se Indian economy kafi pichhe chali gai hai? aaj Gov logo ka nhi soch rahi sirf apna hi soch rahi he. unko bas election jitna hai.
#WTF is Repeal of Farm Bill. 
Wow. Very smart rather than accepting his mistake he is blaming this failure on the small group of  farmers whom he thinks did not understand his laws
So Farmer should get paid even which can covers there expenses in growing crops, so that farmers don't have to bear the losses.
this law is already impliment in behar but  not benefits for formers so farmers of punjab take right step
Hi, i am anil and m from india. I really salute to u and ur channel to show the indian farmers protest as it is. Lots of mainstream media should learn real journalism
In the same way, Opposition rallied together and made it a political movement. Farmers were coaxed to protest by relaying confusing information and then some added theatrics by likes of Tikait. 
When we go to mandi or small vendor to buy vegetables, we always negotiate price and when the last time you went supermarket and negotiate the price? I never. And mostly Indian farmer are small marginal. And pvt companies always try to buy at lowest price possible and sell it for higher. Small farmer will never be in position to negotiate with corporations, so basic MSP is necessary.  The biggest loser in this law is final consumer which were not realizing now.. Roti is no more basic Necessity, these law made it luxury items. So there has to be MSP so farmers gets there cost regardless of demand and upper limit on essential commodities so corporations profit greed doesnt make them out of reach of poor or middle class people.
I think you have not seen other clips where farmers were pelting stone before,and beating the persons to death who are in jeep
4. Farmers and corporates dealings fair akan ulla systems konduvaran bill parayunnundallo.. disputes oke solve cheyyanoke ulla systems
Is it like this that the govt is not able  enough to reform the APMC mandies, that's why they are introducing private players !!!
Hatts off to our farmers 
Now government make a law all farmer sold his crops only adnai group or Ambani they cheat with farmer bucz they buy farmer crops on half rate and sale in market 5 time that is truth
we support farmers
Actually  Protesters should be common people not farmers
My Sikh brothers and Sisters much love and all the support from us muslims in Pakistan. We love you and pray that you get your freedom and landback. Don't give up.....   : )
Democracy is moving toward dictatorship in India under modi
Those laws were in benefits of small scale poor farmers like us
Get real dear host. The protest was/is NOT violent. The farmers only removed barricades. Zero violence against people n property!  The violence was started by the police on the directions of a hostile/anti- national govt. Stop passing superficial judgements on videos you know next to nothing.
Alas, I couldn't find any of my family members in this protest or may be farmers in UP are not getting affected by this bill??
This govt is pro corporate in every sense..and they have choked the famous historical cry of "Jai Jawan Jai Kisan"..their ruthless stampede of the Indian Armed forces and the hardworking selfless farmers over this last decade is not obscured from anyone..no wonder this present situation when you have a "corporate soul" at the top..this govt is most likely to be doomed and it would deserve that..Nevertheless, hail to our brave soldiers and brave farmers ! And I firmly stand with the farmers of my country !
Hatsoff to our farmer.
Finally, this experiment is successful for the opposition parties. Let's see, if this ends here OR Opposition parties have other plans left for these farmers. Why farmers died in the protest? This must be probed in a better way.
Wow! Our BJP government pass 15 Bills in 2 days and all the opposition was absent  and it is totally undemocratic 
Bro, 1Important thing regarding contract firming is Traders will by  only those Produce which are according to the size and quality required for there product like chips or  they will negotiate in price while Farmers are not god , No one cannot decide the size and quality of such goods it totally depends Upon nature.
Suppose the MSP becomes legal, and no one can buy produce below MSP price and the MSP price of wheat is Rs 2,015 per quintal and suppose the cost of producing 1 quintal of wheat is let us assume 1600- 1800. So, in this case, the farmer is getting 400 to 200 odd rupees per quintal and somehow managing his working capital as well as personal needs. One day the crop is destroyed, and the quality of the crop is not up to the mark that it will get 2000/ quintal then in case of the situation where MSP is legal, nobody is going to buy his crop and he is going to be in a mess whereas if the MSP is not legal, there will be someone who is going to buy his produce on discounted rate and the farmer will not be in total loss.
13:32 - Solution for all of us to start contributing a little bit for Farmers 
Only UP & Punjab has farmers, rest of indian farmers has no issue
6:00 a small tip: Walmart and Pepsico already buy directly from farmers in that Punjab you are talking about. All Indian companies are forced to by from mandis.
We support farmers head and heart.
If apne per me khuladi marna have face - these farmers would be the best example ......
make a video completely on solutions,there are thousands of online courses ,videos,books,papers on how to be a profitable farmer while taking care of the environment but how u think farmers will read or learn that?
Supporting farmer but I am student and youth.
Most of the Delhites are a shame. If not then they should have joined the farmers even leaving their jobs to make the industrialists face the music ! But they are greedy and spineless.
PSP me apmc me MSP se lower price per  kharid hoti he. 
2. How agents are not stocking up and creating demand to increase price now?
Why religion flag unfurled if they truly support farmers protest but these run the agenda of just religion
Repeal of law is a loss to the real farmers and the nation.
Well done on your incomplete research. There is in fact regulation even outside of APMC, under the consumer courts regimes, and Sub divisional magistrates. There anyways wasnt any regulation in the APMCs, it just stopped small and low income farmers from going out to better deals out side of the APMCs, wither private mandis or other states not necessarily corporates. And the fact that they will now be able to sell in all other states not just limited to their own, opens up huge opportunities for growth. Out of the 631 Farmer unions in india only 35 are protesting and 12 are openly politically aligned with a party. If they were so bad why would the top agricultural economists in India, along with those all the way at the IMF support the laws. Farmer unions in rest of the states have given their support to the farmers already. And just a small minority of farmers protesting in one corner of the country do not speak for the entire community.
Miss you Punjabi bhaiyo , love from Haryana 
Farmer's Protest proved still Democracy alive !! And Ravish Kumar a ture Journlist !! Kissan MAjdoor Ekta Jindabad !!
But are farmers protesting to bring back their commodity to essential goods act??
This interview felt like an attack on the Indian farmers *#BBCbeingtheBBC*
Usually it is not farmers who hoard the produce but the traders does and the essential commodity act was primarily made against those traders not the farmers.
Need to involve with selected areas of farmer's as Pilot project and convince them about the benefits. Then try to convince others
Can't these laws be put State wise where majority of farmers wanted to work under the 3 laws. Like options for States to apply or not instead of taking it back completely?
This is the face of India against minorities.
I am not Indian but I love CM Kejriwal ji and his work
All farmers are to be blamed if a small section of farmers could raise their voice against the laws which were suppose to be beneficial to them then the rest should've also voiced their views loud and clear. There was no opposing view and even if there was it wasn't so loud and cohesive
Respected sir, i m not supporting this famer's bill and i m standing with kisan and opposing BJP.
Elections ane de , isbaar election ke time pe aager firse air strike or Surgical strike hoa geya tho firse BJP ko jitha math dena 
More power to the farmers
What this corporate does either they sell with higher cost within India or they export in either case farmers is getting same price and we all indians consume only low quality products because high quality products gets exported. 
proud to be a farmer
INDIA ka Real Cancer BJP
MSP is the fundamental support which varies state to state and crop to crop, how could he is ask govt to make it generalise for all pick n poose. 
Being Indian nepali I can say you that Sikh is the community that all Nepali's respect deeply... And both these communities is hardworking, in the armed forces in huge quantity and open minded, great dressing sense. To all punjabi sisters and brothers thanks for liking Nepalis and yes We Support You
Lets be clear. It was farmers from Punjab those are protesting
The method by which this bill was passed in Rajya Sabha was by no means "unconstitutional". Yes, you may say that it was unethical. Furthermore, as far as my understanding goes about the three bills, this reform had more merits than demerits (which could've been improved by a few amendments), therefore I can conclude, although big farmers got an advantage out of it, small farmers have fallen into a big loss.
Why are you saying him farmers farmers
15:23 You said only 6% of the total farmers sell their produce in APMC's which is not true. Infact the percentage of people selling their produce on MSP in APMCs is 6%. There is a huge difference between these two which in turn makes the whole explanation of the 3rd bill go wrong. @Khan GS Research Centre
Kounse saste nasa karke video bana rahe ho,,,, thoda thik se research karlo farmer bill ke upar, Or for ur kind information 2019 cong manifest main cheak karlo ese hi kuchh bill ke bare main baat kiya gaya tha, I'm not interested in politics but jo video bana rahe ho clarify karke banao  jhut mat felao
These farmbills  are not good.
They are middlemen. Long Live Comrade Modi . What the Left, Congress  did not do ...BJP has done that. The Peasantry is now free and industrial capital is introduced in Agricultural breaking the middlemen nexus with politician. Being a Marxist, I support BJP and PM Modi.
No Farmers 
I think these laws are very important for the country.  Middlemen must go. They are reaping the benefits of MSP, not the smal  and marginal farmers.
Promoting fixed agenda...I m sure u don't even know the farm bill...
But as I'm small farmer, I need bill to buy my product in any state, entire nation wide Without paying or pay tax, cess or any charges and need to store our products upon receipt it's best procurement amount.
We need system that give space for farmers to sell at their prices and take commission..(D-Mart)...
We are either against or with the bill but not discussing how to keep the balance within the bill. Glad that you have explained it very well 
may God bless those who are fighting for farmers.
Farmer cannot survive on market , give them security of msp . Then they can produce fruits too.
Government charge interest When Farmers get Loan to Buy seed and Fertilizer from Government ,
This change is going to happen sooner or later, issue should be what kind of safety net there is for the farmers after it happens. At the moment, there farming industry is like ye old colonial times. Costly and inefficient.
We stand with respected farmers 
There was never any restriction on selling farm produce anywhere in the country. I am a farmer and I have been selling part of my produce at mandi and remaining part anywhere else.
God saved my countries farmer , god please help all my brother kisan ,who served whole life to eat good food to public ,but greedy government and greedy system intresting in political dirty game ...how innocent and fool indian that belive that all are safe in this government rules ...but complicated rules we not understand easily .god please help to aware all.
Once the regulated market will be crushed by the Reliance group and adaani group, they will exploit the farmers... 
Majority of farmers are small farmers. They fight against each other in most of the states against the local buyer's and end up selling their all year hardwork for low price. Later local buyer's store the crop and sell for higher prices during high demand. Farmer loses. Consumer loses. Old rules state that no one from other states can buy crops from cultivated in one state.
In Mexico my grandpa gets a pro campo to help with the costs but its nothing.  They grow bean only and each year they get less and less for their bean.  Sometimes someone comes into town and says yeah we can sell your bean for xyz so everyone gives them their bean and then it ends up being a scam.  Idk if my grandpa can continue to keep his lands if the price for bean is so low. There is also less family over there now to help out, they also dont even like to farm.
A protest of this scale is scary, large scale protest e.g Hong Kong can't compared to this as People who protest in Hong Kong have too much young activist that have too much concerns and too much to lose. Indian protest were mostly low income farmers with nothing to lose and will most probably fight to the death.
A man threw away the Indian National Flag on Republic Day to put forth a community flag. No true Sikh or farmer would do such a thing. Only an anti- national would.
the farmers will make profit not the traders that's why the traders are protesting
Farmers in punjab want reforms in farming but govt need to insure them for good price for there crop.
Why are they making a national farm bill into a religious movement (concerning 1.5% of sikh community in India). 
Feeling very sad for all our farmers they are protesting from july 2020
This shows politics is supreme.... Very conveniently 3 laws are taken back who is responsible for the lose of 600 farmers. Karma is round the corner....
As a farmer I am for the new Act,
I love our country. This makes me feel like all is not lost and hopeless. The government is not the country. We are a democracy and I love how protests reinforce that idea. My support and sympathies are with the farmers of our country. Also, a big shout out to SW unscripted. I admire the work that you are doing. Love and Support :)
Indians living all over the world want justice for farmers. What breaks my heart is that PM Modi has not once acknowledged the agitation of farmers!!! How can the PM show such a indifference? How can he ignore the agitation going on for months ??? Its just unbelievable.
Farmers, the sons of the soil, rooted for the repeal of the laws, know what is good for them instead of politicians. Pray for those crusaders who lost their souls. Farmers are no fools.
rakesh dakait took money from canada, china and pakistan..uske khilaaf kai saari FIR darj honi chahiye ..declare shoot at sight of these modern day terrorists 
First ever andolan where the real farmar lost for some adtiya and fake farmers from Punjab and Haryana...... what next article 370?? CAA??
APMCs are controlled by large farmers with political links. They force down prices on small farmers' throats. The small farmer never gets MSP in any case. It is this loss of monopoly that they are so scared to lose. Plus Punjab govt taxes 8% for produce sold in the mandis and earns 10,000 cr from this. Punjab govt has a stake in maintaining status quo.
All india farmers stand up together now please Go Delhi now please go
Yet another winning strategy of Modiji. Time will tell.
Big farmers dig the grave of small farmers
No farmers no food, if you think about this quote because of the new law that they made stuff has gone up in prices, which means everyone is affected so it is either you stand for farmers or start paying higher for products
I m so happy that scoop hoop and few other digital media outlets exists. I was never ashamed of anything about my country except the loons like republic tv AajTak abp India tv  zee news etc etc . I mean they are stooped down to a level where even Pakistan media feels better . They have lost the true sense of journalism. But in you guys I see the light at the end of the tunnel. This is what is called True journalism . love and respect to you guys . And your commitment shows in the fact that you stayed their up until 11:00. We can feel the dedication and hard work behind that cute laugh
Very sad , court is not able  to take immediate action.  If it would have been congress. Cour and   All godi media wouldn't leave  them until action taken. All bjp leaders are quite.
This video is kind of lacking in substance. It would be important to know what the law actually does, rather than what each side is whining about, and also what the state of Ag in India is. What I heard in the video about this law is: it cuts out middlemen and allow buyers to directly purchase from farmerss, and the gov't will remove price floors. Also, the average farmer in punjab has only 2 acres!? As all nations modernize, farm sizes always grow and the % of the pop in ag declines. The change doesn't have to be corporate farms amassing sq miles of land, but change will need to happen.
Salute to lalantop channel.....such an honest video..plz people support our farmers..this fight is for every single indian citizen.....india wake up before its too latewatched this lovely video 10 times so lovely
 In conclusion a better strategy is capacity building, behavioural change to make farmers educated, motivated and increase investment. For that long term income support for farmers is almost a necessity.
Then Farmers 
Gaddar Desdrohi mafia gang congres organized Desdrohi  Rakesh  Tiket  Dawood Terarist gang  hands with congres  Ncb  Shard pawar party Run  you  try  to force publish vora commission Reports  Truth comes  jai hind
Kisan Andolan is not over. We will fight until MSP not legal
Shame on Indian godi media !! Thanks to vice for this !!
Our country depending on farmers
Writing is on the wall modi will fall negative comments against farmers and protest aint gonna change anything so u can cry all u want kutta bok ta ha bok na do
Vested interests of farm mafia will make whole farmers community suffer from poverty for decades to come. This is defeat of silent majority. Be silent and see your rights and benefits go down the drain one by one due to organized few.
Sirf vote se pahle ek anti national attack then modi takes some heroic revenge. And india mein to hero produce krne ka yadat hai. Bas vote jit jao or 5 saal ke liye.
Are farmers demanding action against the tradersvor middle men who are actually buying from farmers but selling to private players?
Thoda simple language Mai rkho farmers ko Kai see smjhe ga
3) There is a need to move away from the paddy-wheat-sugarcane cycle. Punjab and Haryana have played a major role in India's food security. It is time that they are given due respect and incentivized to move towards more commercial crops where Govt won't have to bear losses. India has a surplus of rice and wheat. Worst we cannot export it because the procurement costs are high. 
As their is election in UP. Modi govn. don't want to take risk.
standing with the farmers.....respect to the Sikh community ... proud of you... nice video sir, make more videos on this please
Farmer Bills are beneficial for poor farmers. Only "mafia kind of farmers" are at loss so they are jittery.
One thing i would say, farmers are saying that they are enjoying, which is not the reality. I have been there. Staying there for just 1 night is not easy. It is just to out pressure on the government.
Is it possible that this may lead to corporations having too much power over the farmer? Yes, in fact it is likely. Is that resulting situation worse than farmers were off in the last 10 years? Unlikely. That's the truth of the matter. Of course the local government has convinced the people (who it has strong ties to, and the BJP decidedly does not) that giving all the power to them is the best scenario.
The funny fact you didn't show is...not all farmers producing rice and wheat...think about Tomato and all vegitables...the farmer must find a dealer or seller before his products get ruin...this law can stop that the farmer can sell his product all over the india even the world other than government Mandi ( where some local brokers fixing the price for the farmers products.. generally these brokers are local rowdies ) with in 3 days country tomato will get ruin...this law can prevent these things...you can make agriment with dealer or big seller before the harvest.... How can we save farmers where all brokers sucking all the money....why these people can't understand that..no one forcing them to sell their products...and old old traditional mandi allso gonna be there...if they hate corporate they can sell their products there... government also assured the minimum price for all agriculture products...and yet they protest..I think somebody misleading them for their own interest.
I m with all farmers who saves all indian live by providing foods mean crops which is unexpected they do hard labour in sun day n night then we get the food to fullfill our hunger if they dont do this we will not get food so i say kissan are the ultimate undatta.jai jawan jai kissan love u kissa bhai with till the end
Considering the merits and demerits, merits are great considering the farmers, i think it will be a great move
Now kisaan of India will become super rich, congratulations
Farmers will be more and more poor
No fixed income for farmers. Everyone gets fixed salary. Repealing 3 law doesn't make any sense.
Can someone explain what's happening  with farmers in India?
Do you know when McDonald wants certain size of tomatoes.  they will force to use material which are useful for that kind of tomatoes and our farmers are no longer decision makers they will have to use whatever the corporate company will say that is why this model is failure for farmers and really useful for corporate companies this model is already failed in most of the developed countries.
Btw this step was taken for up and punjab election only.
Salute to farmers, they played role model for us. They have strongly stood for truth. Where are those godi media people ?Akash ji hatts off to you for your honest reporting. 
Main us ka president farmer law support krta hoon 
If modi had repealed the law that could never happened.
1 law: There will not only be big companies. Small companies which require less input can buy from small farmers also.
Every thing is Ok but the Stock limit imposition is exempted for corporates having better cold storage facilities as per 3rd Bill..What happens if the corporates buy all the commodities ..say Onion and store it with themselves? Obviously supply will go down in the market..And ultimately corporates will fix the price as they desire..This is gonna happen..And Govt won't come to rescue in such situation We the Consumers need to carry this burden on our shoulders!!
I am with Modi ji. Ek new unempoyer ka janam ho gaya Mr. Tickait Modi ji must have some backup plan
The three farm bills have created fear and unrest. The farmers are fully aware of the implications these bills will have and understand the long term effect it can have on their livelihood and dignity. 
the graphics are confusing. and I wonder how the landlords fit into this picture - as I understand it, most farmers pay rent for use of their land.
4 farmers suicided till today....plz do something
Good decision has been taken by honourable prime minister Mr. Narendra Damodardas Modi Ji.
The person who said that numbers were creating chaos needs a reality check. Without numbers , during initial meets Tomar didnt even attend the meeting . And those  idiots who think farm laws are good and who called farmers middlemen are shameless toads.
Thanks Harp Farmer channel for this
We won  I'm farmer and I never ever give my vote to bjp till I die
Farmers are done this for their future  generation.... Congratulations farmer ....Sorry Godi media and adani-ambani
Farmers really need help.
Ecomonic disaster. These farm laws were good marginal farmer. Very disappointed
Prime minister MODI is on Pakistan payrol
Time has come to stand by what is right and against what is wrong...I hope we as Indians are able to do it atleast now !!
No Farmers No Food No Future. May almighty bless the farmers always. This is the most peaceful protest in the history, The government should repeal the laws. #Isupportfarmers
1. There are approx 15000-20000 farmers in a district and you think 3 SDM and 1 collector can fix all the issues in 30 days. Its good to hear but not practical. Also, farmers can't pay to Sahib but Companies do.  
There is a lot more to this story. This video doesn't tell you why they grow only wheat and rice? This video doesn't talk about the free electricity farmers get to run their water pumps. This video doesn't talk about that the government introduced farm laws has no mention of MSP removal. Farmers of Punjab has always been more entrepreneureal. I have only one question, why farmers of Punjab are not growing any other crop like lentils, millets and oilseeds crops which India heavily imports from other countries that too at a very expensive price (compare to wheat and rice prices). All my reading about the protest and  farm laws gave me one conclusion; minimum support price (MSP) of wheat and Rice is working to the detriment of farmers. India is a surplus producer of these two commodities. Just because farmers know that these two crops are sure going to get them guranteed money via government MSP. However, reality is that lentils, oilseeds will earn them more fortunes. But the jaded mindset and mirage of MSP is not letting the farmers come out of their comfort zone. There are other states in India which are heavily agriculture dependent but there was little to no protest against the farm laws in those states. Albeit, Indian state of Madhya Pradesh contributes more Wheat to Central government procurement then Punjab yet there were no huge outcry in Madhya Pradesh for these farm laws. All indians are indebted to farmers of Punjab for the abundance of food grains but now is the time to tidy up again and turn the tides in your favor with Green Revolution 2.0. I would end my comment by saying that the farmers of Punjab needs to transform their farming practice by growing out of the MSP trap and rethink their farming. You just need to show your fighting spirit and courage in changing the crop you grow. I am sure you will come out with a success just how you succeeded in pushing government on retreat on the farm laws.
These 3 laws are wrong here and now because of the way they were introduced and because of the room they create for corruption. However they signal an inevitable evolution. They will fail today, because of how profoundly  they represent the nature and will of the current administration , however they will resurface in the future with a new look and a different energy simply because it is the only way forward to enable economic freedom and create competitiveness on a global scale . India's farmers must collectively organize and empower themselves to take control of their own destinies and grasp the levers of free market utilization to create wealth and economic independence. Today, they are still manipulated by opportunists and illegal collaborators who take advantage of existing policies to enrich themselves at the expense of simple minded and marginal landowners. Efficiency must be realized by utilizing agricultural Indias limited natural resources to continue to feed an exploding population. The  intermediate way forward is to give farmers the tools and the wisdom to start down a road to first; realize and appreciate their latent collective power to create a free market  in their own image and second; to create a robust environment in which to recognize, appreciate and honestly process the complexities created by the Indian way of thinking and operating. This is the way.
And since what happened with farmers protest the govt will not bring any new farm laws for a good time now.
Instead of farmers bills, long over due us Government should pass a law "Death for Corruption" as in China. Has  this government got  the courage to pass such a bill.?????
The sad news is the defeat of ordinary farmers and the selfishness of a handful of selfish people has been fulfilled.
Modi and Shah cannot force it on farmers...its states call to implement or reject it...
So the farmers can get a Saficient deal for there hard work.
I approve of peaceful protest, provided that there is a viable outcome. The problem seems to be preserving inefficient farming traditions in a fiercely economy centric society. Sadly, the outlook is bleak; where farmers stop work to protest, they lose what they had more quickly than simply moving to newer regulated practices.
Regarding the farm produce it will definitely follow commodity cycle of wild upswings and downswings. We can see how much the price of onion fluctuate every single year. In fact many customers like my mother use it to their benefit by building up inventory at lower prices. Naive farmers will sadly suffer whether at the hands of corporate or middlemen. Politicians as usual will act for their own benefit.
You could also have given an assumption as to why the govt. fails to acknowledge the demands of the farmers.
If Farmers are not happy this bill must be reviewed or held back till all concerned are reasonably assured and happy. Let us not destroy it completely.
The new law allows the farmers to be free.
Oh gosh you forgot to mention the name of the unmentionable guy that wears glasses,  and just divorced his wife, and loves  data gathering and wants now too sell back those farmers the seeds gathered and patented by his data collection....that same guy. This video does not tell the whole story.  Thiers a women named Shiva that tells a we bit different tale. Lol 
Proud son of a farmer
But the loop holes are cases which may or may not happen. Opposition's are creating a scene and scaring farmers that if this case happens (which mentioned in the video) you will have to roam around court. Your land will be snatched. Which is not 100% true! 
Next year there are elections in Uttar Pradesh and there opinion polls are coming down. That is why they repealed the laws. It is only UP elections which bow them down.
Democracy is a game of numbers, by the statements of PM, he wants to say, that majority 90+% farmers had welcomed the 3 Farm Acts, and "Kuch" fringe farmer groups were protesting...
 if in future  true kisan ask for same laws then what modi ji will do..  goverment being puppet.. 
Shame on Modi government for repealing farmer's laws. These laws would have helped farmers.
Sir i am child of farmer and I listen from my Father he said to me there is no one for farmers but farmer's for everyone and no one respect farmer's that not good for aue country #respectfarmers
I see lots of dumb people supporting three farm laws. Have they read these laws? These farm laws will dissolve the govt Mandi or APMC, Empower private companies because there is no legal protection of MSP to farmars and gave private companies unlimited hoarding capacity....i don't think these dumb bhakts are going to understand these... This govt is just revoking it because elections are near.... Still my respect to those farmars who died in protest, though Vehicles were  mowed down at them, cold water canons were sprayed at them, lathi charges and all still they stand frim... Salute to u all for saving jobs at mandis .
If Indian courts work as they should. Indian prime minister narendra modis and his buddy shah never permitted to come in power again. Im saying this on behalf of Mumbai high court judge statement.
But modiji has said MSP will not be scrapped
I have heard what the bill says before also.  But what I do not understand is that why are the farmers protesting and what exactly and how will they be affected.  If the farmer is selling at the mandi now, they can also sell the products at the mandi after the bill.  So why are they protesting?  I have not seen any video which describes how it is done today and how it will affect the farmer after the bill.
Thx for sporting farmers 
Punjab will face ground water shortage due to excessive rice farming.
With u farmer 
Support For Farmers From Pakistan.long live Punjabi Farmers.
I can bet you even farmers are not aware of new bill thats y they are protesting
... but i don't understand why don't u tell in this video that why govt. Is not ready to give permission to farmers to pettion in the high or supreme court if any dispute occurs in contract farming ....  sorry but not agree with u
Please support farmers
The people participating in these protests come from mainly 2 states: Punjab and Haryana. The rest of the farmers are either busy with work or they actually support the bill. Why has no one asked why these farmers are considered to be representing the India's agricultural community? Isn't this unfair?
Those farm laws should have implemented but with a few changes that sector does need privatization farmers are getting no money
a) farmers will be able to market their produce while being able to acquire quality seeds at reasonable price and can benefit in many other respects.
Northeast India support you farmars
Point 2: Govt is not forcing to sell outside APMC.. it is just an option.. final decision lies with farmer.  So why it is a drawback? It solely depends on farmer.. so it is not that govt wants to move out of agri business... Hope you get my point Mr. Channel owner.. btw.. thanks foe the info
Yes sir ..PTA chl gya ...protest krna aawaz uthana jaruri h ....or esi unity bhi ...Thanks to Farmers 
The reason why govt decided on this because last year a minister in Maharashtra(I won't say his name coz this is Indian politics I'm talking about), he bought the agricultural products for cheap price and stored them away until the demand rose.
I support farmers. 
These farm laws are good for farmers !
How much percentage of market price did farmers get for their produce
Support to farmers 
# you are saying there is no loss to apmc mandi there will be a lot of loss to apmc if corporate enter the agriculture like jio enter in telecom we all want 4g so we go for it but govt does not back bsnl with 4g so now bsnl going to fail & this is going to happen with apmc.
Johnny Silverhand: "I once saw corpos strip farmers of land and water"
Anyway farmers always have option to go to APMC mandi if they wish to.
#StandWithFarmersChallenge #Poetry #KisanAndolan #KisanPoetry #Farmers #SupportKisanProtest #Government #KisanEktaJindabad #ChalChalReKisan
Don't tell them Indian farmers, they are terrorists in farmers clothes. The new agriculture bill is good for farmers. Only brokers, corrupt political leader, APMC goondas and extremists are against it. I am farmer and supporting the New Agriculture Bill.
Ye national security ke chalte decision Liya but sad about the farmers
Well, you have highlighted some of the more black and white issues(mostly binary anyways) but what is your opinion of the farmer's demands of legalizing stubble burning? Or the demand to drop the criminal cases against those involved in the red fort siege?
Secondly a goverment body to assure hassel free process between farmers and buyers..
Farmers market thudanganem...avarude association varatte... ellarkkum indallo..pinne price they can only decide
Farm bill is a 'game changer'
AIr pollution is a problem for everyone. Farmers need to do their part to help clean the air.
This is not the the 360 degree Analysis.....  You yourself are judging the government..... Many intellectuals and many analysts and many farmers are also in support of this Bill...... Many people says there is a serious need for this Bill.....
why are these farmers taking their own lives? what happens to them if they can't pay their debt?
55 days of kisaan strike ,sitting in chilling cold with their families it's high time that central govt should listen to farmers mann ki baat and scrap 3 farm bills!
20. However, the traders, middlemen, brokers do not have such provision. It is only the farmers who are excempted from Tax.
The government wants farmers to cultivate whatever is necessary for the market, as with the market needs. With MSP, it is for sure that at whatever the market price, the government will collect these products, which is assured. The FCI is running on a huge loss, which is the public money.
Why did Sikh so called farmers and others come HERE? What do they have to do with CM Yogi? We can't simply be emotional on this incident, need REAL truth.
They are not farmer.
Farm laws are indeed a Big GOOD thing for farmers.  Surprisingly the well-to-do farmers in Punjab and Haryana want STATUS-QUO to continue.  Farmers from other states do see a HUGE benefit from farm laws!  The left elements and opposition have been very good at enhancing the confusion.  Since this issue is happening in the mid-term it is not going to influence 2024 elections.  Unnecessarily they are robbing the farmers from escalating to NEW HEIGHTS in the field of Agriculture
Smart indian farmer they fight harder than us citizen fight for thier right we should learn from them
I think in the essential commodities they will have to also include another amendment to also add also a minimum price that the farmer can sell their produce, because I feel the competition could get so verse that even these guys could buy the produce from farmers at the cheapest prices later in the future that could drag the industry to rock bottom.
What is need for a Parliamnet and Legislature if laws are to made on the streets. Laws will be passed and will be repealed. So waht is the need to have a govt also. I haven't not seen any PM apologising for the laws passed by his govt in any country but in India it is now becoming possible beacuse it is incredible India.
A give to Modi three farm laws, long live farmers, once you have shown your strength against British and now its time for BJP and NDA allice .
We are not farmers.. so lets not pass judgement about things we are not experts of..
Farmers are not against reforms, they are against the way advantage was created for handful of big businessman. I wonder people how people are making remarks without understanding long term impacts these laws would have made
Just a question, without / before the farm bills, were the farmers owning a Mercedes?
Farmers don't know about rules.
I always support modiji yogiji no matter what people say about them .... jay shree ram 
These Modi laws look devastating especially since there is little defense against it.
The main question is whether BJP will get any advantage from this in coming elections. 
shame on government  please support farmers
Intial intend was to get these adtis in competition and get better price for farmers but these people gang up and decide price to buy for a day. As of now farmers can only sell their crop to the mandis designated to their area and at the price adtis decide! Once farmers enter the mandis with their crops, they rarely return without selling it.  Whatsoever price is offered!! I have heard it many times. Even when market price is good, my father sold his crop to these people in half of the price.
Can someone explain why farmers from only two states in Indian are protesting, while the other states haven't even voiced anything against the new law.
Okay where are all the pro farmer protest after 26th jan violence. Heres your right to peaceful and non violent protest. The so called farmers and that too Indian farmers had removed national flag from Red Fort.
You focused more on the fictional benefits of the bill which are not actually applicable.We are insecure. farmers are already united but their unity can do nothing. What if no one come forth to buy our produce and  the corporates get united demand to buy on low price. what can we do? we have to sell it  on what prices they want because we have no MSP and right to go to court. And also, there was no restriction for the farmers to sell out of the APMC mandis before this bill. So please first know the ground reality then make  video. Experts dont know as much as we farmers know about our profession.
Modi already said bill is not forced it's Choice,it's set back for kissan and Victory of middle men of Punjab.Time will speak.
I support farmers they have every right to protest and democracy is joke in india...the national media is sponsored by government ambani adnani are private players whom govt favours and MODI IS THE CLOWN WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS ...mess
and yet run over the farmers who grow our vegetables
so many episodes to destroy the image of farmers...and just one video of yours 
farmers has facing as much inconvenience as you trying to put your words to Delhi people's mouth. we are here to Justice, not to create inconvenience to anybody.
Very good explaination, every common man and farmer must show and know about
I am Modi Supporter but I condemn this barbaric action..They hit farmers from behind..Here very soul of our constitution is bleeding...!Justice is needed law and order must be maintained for all..!And I appeal to central govt please don't mock our trust on you..we want democracy not colonialism!
India: Social diversity? Several hundred Billionaires. Millions in dire poverty! Best wishes to the Farmers!
Please visit the farmers protesting sites and have a discussion with them on bills and why they don't agree on the new bills then post the video( better do a live streaming). Sitting in a room and making video doesn't add any difference than news channels. Please I am expecting this from you
Without Farmers No Food.
Regarding farmers can go any state for selling their product as per new bill but most of farmers cant afford to go same state different cities then how they can go to other cities ?
I have been to Bihar and the villages there are far more underdeveloped than Punjab, the people are tired of living in poverty. Ultimately, they sell off their lands and migrate to work as labourers, who once were proud landlords.
BABA  JI  KISAN   PUNJAB   TO  FAISLA  KAR   KE  CHALE  SE   KANUN  PARLIMENT  TO  RAD   KRAKE   M S P  TE  KANUN   BANWA  KE  WAPIS  AMAGE   AP  JI  NE   MORCHA  NE  LAYA  M ORCHA   KISANA  NE  LAYA
If we think that corporates will exploit the farmers then we should also focus on regulating those corporate players and their way of conducting businesses instead of blindly repealing these laws.
Lets fucking go #supportfarmers
Great farmer   
Its a big blow for the small traders they will have to close this including mandi, and could be temporarily beneficial for the farmers, unless we have many very big traders in India. I know now we have many now but many are foreign traders like from Amazon, Spar, Reliance, Specers, more and many more. So it depends because there could be a competitive edge for farmers to keep their produce at the best value.
What can PM Modi do if the farmers don't want to take the benefit government was giving. Kind of foolishness farmers have done is astounding, it is literally throwing brick on own foot. In long term protesting farmers will realise their big blunder.
14:32 One of the best Solution ever given by Dhruv in all his videos. Everyone shud step forward and do it for sake of farmers & themselves too
1. Go to farmers markets when possible
the public is the judge, judge the institution and their wisdom.  bribery is nothing to laugh, but people have in the past,  that's why things have got so worse now      ....know this  people, bribery is a felony and unlawful, report and here should be FIR against these people and not against innocent farmers...
Thousands of farmers commit suicide every year in India. Farming is no longer profitable in India. Modi government promised to double the income of farmers but instead double the cost of production. rising prices of diesel and fertilizers are bringing thousands of farmers under heavy debt every year. Government brought three laws to kill the already well tested system of marketing and throw farmers under the mercy of corporate. Farmers only demanded their right to live for more than a year around the border of national capital Delhi. They suffered summers of India and cold waves in winter. They were there during monsoon season and after the death of more than 700 farmers when government anticipated their defeat in upcoming elections took back the laws.
No farmers no food, no food no life.
Thanks small farmers need protecting
Modi ji is the most genuine leader our country has ever seen or will ever see. His intentions were absolutely pure, if people are blind, loss is theirs. This man has nothing to loose for his entire life is a sacrifice.
Those guys who climb on redfort is not a farmer, nor sikhs nor hindu nor muslims  !! Anti National  paid by other countries.
I come from an India where I'm not supposed to support the government even if they are developing my nation
All want to change in punjab but government is not making proper system and was taking away their last hope MSP.
1) Allow FCI to engage in contract farming. The current MSP as set by the Govt is higher than the International market price but what makes even higher is the taxes and commissions paid in Mandis which does not go to farmers. By bypassing Mandis and allowing direct procurement by FCI markets prices can be streamlined without hurting farmer incomes. FCI is an arm of Govt of India.
Price assurance also ensures that the MSP is not removed completely.
Never forget the 700 farmers that gave their lives for this win whaguru 
Private companies are smart  to 'buy at lower price and sell at higher price'. True, but with the removal of middle men, dont they already have a price advantage? do you think they will suck the blood out of the source (farmers) that the source dies out.   
Public & farmers are different 
bbc you should also tell that why only one state farmers are protesting...and also they are the richest farmer of india..IN other state there are farmers owning tractors...
Farming is getting automated, the need for farmers in India will continue to decline and there earnings will decline.  It is currently an inefficienct system.  The government should reduce regulation and support prices in phases and over time.  It is a difficult situation to fix overnight.  Big automated farming is inevitable, but over time best for India.  It is about automation and more education to increase the living standard for all Indians.  It is like saying sweeping the floor with your hand is okay, but we all know sweeping the floor with a good broom is better and one person can likely do the work of 10 if he has a broom.  The problem is farmers need to be supported through this transition, which needs more discussion.  The farm laws are basically irrelevant and not really the long term issue in India farming.
 We stand with farmers protest 
Problem not for only Farmers.... Dane Dane ko mohtaj ho jayega fir se Bharat
Please explain why are the farmers committing suicide right now, if  the existing thing is working for them?? And they are opposing the new Act. Thanks
Union  Govt should give Income Tax exemption , also , to Physically Handicapped and Punjab Govt should give free electricity to Handicapped Punjabis too . We do not support the demand by Physically Handicapped for a separate Wikilangistan . ----------------------Wikilangistan - Land of the Physically Handicapped - Wikilangs .
Support at least somewhere and not always agitating against Govt !!
Sir should  after knowledge of farmer
Brother, where everyone leaves thinking, Modi ji starts thinking from there.
Great work vice media  , you should cover also from India where protest happen.  Tomorrow is the big day for farmers, they are planning tractor rally. I support farmers!
Modi is very shrewd!!! I am sure this is a plot with the UP, Punjab, 2024 elections in mind. 
This jahil tikket need election ticket and their sponsorers don't want to stop this agitation....all farmers are not against the bill..... If this jahil group do not leave then court should intervine and kick them out from delhi border
Corporate should not enter into farming....what about wage standardisation and working conditions...hope bill allows direct retail sale
tu kisaan k nahi amita shah or modi k gupt sambandh se nikla hua hai beta hai .........this govenrment is playing dirty things behind these policemen
Or krwao modi ji school bnd... ye bacche politician bnne ki teyari me h...
Farm laws in other states are different from Punjab and Haryana. We can't still keep on subsidising wheat and rice at the expense of the tax payer. Power bills are negligible there as they are written off by the government there. How long can we keep on doing this? The underground water tables are running low now. Punjab and Haryana needs to see light. There is no corporate conspiracy or land grabbing angle to this. Farmer can sell wherever he feels rather than rely on the government procurement. Government procurement from these breadbasket states accounts for more than 80 pc of total procurement! And that is above our minimum required of 35pc of current stocks! My family owns agricultural lands and understand MSP and the need for it. But no taxation on a single agricultural income? Big farmers get the money, middle men play politics and the small farmer has to sell at what the market says is the price?? I am sorry my Punjabi farmers, I respect each and everyone, but I don't understand their contentions and grievances. I am sorry again. Sat Shri Akaal!
You didn't tell anything about new farm bill and started comparing it 
MODIJI KA YEH KADAM BADI VINAMRATA SE LIYA HUA HAI, MODIJI KABHI BHI AHANKARI NAHI THE , INKE JAISA SACHHA DESHBHAKT PM NA KOI THA AUR NA HOGA.
Can you translate it into hindi so that we can share it with actual farmers?
The scarecrow has made friends with crows and is now scaring the farmers 
30 of our farmer brothers died due to harsh winters on streets...one sant Baba Ram Singh sacrificed his life by seeing the pain of farmers.....I support my farmers and I m from UP( India)..
Every farmer knows organic farming but doesn't give production as chemical fertilizer
I  support  the farmers movements 
6 months ago there was George Floyd protest. Now this farmer protest? Damn 2020 is seriously a nightmare
do you have any idea about farmer condition realy Mr.Das
It affects only the punjab farmers not the rest
Not all farmers. Only punjab
Our India needs more reporter like you ravish sir  more power to you aap humesha aise hi sach ke sath khade rhe.
Most important point no one is talking about is: do we really need so many farmers in age of automation and information? Why dont we bring the farmers to the manufacturing sector, increase GDP and let only 2-3% population work in farming by use of automated farmers.
I completely support the protests by farmers in India. But these Sikhs abroad who have some 'ties to their land' while they fled the country to enjoy living in the first world are nothing but disingenuous Khalistanis. Why raise the Khalsa flag at protests? There are many Hindu Punjabis (myself included) and many Hindu laborers from Bihar who work the fields of rich Punjabi farmers. These NRI Sikhs are openly pro-Khalistan and want to divide our country when they have absolutely zero stake here.
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed better. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
I AM MODI SUPPORTER BUT THIS TIME
Huge chunk of farmers cannot afford to store their crops. And those who can have been doing so forever. 
APMC me taxes kisan ki rkm se reduce nhi hota. purchaser ko dena hota h sb charges.
This is the true face of Indian Government. This is how justice is provided. Indian farmers have been protesting for a year and they're not even paying any attention to them. SHAME ON BJP. SHAME ON INDIAN DEMOCRACY 
I am not quite sure if the govt actually bowed down to farmers and Sikhs or Khalistani and middlemen, hope it's the former
                                                           company job contract farming ke tahat kheton ko kirae per Legi to Krishi ko Krishi kisanon                                                                   
A few days ago, i actually went down to the places where the farmers have blocked the roads. Its not a joke. Although they have set up a sort of camp and there are many people serving free food (langar) to anyone and everyone who needs it, it is not like they are enjoying it. Their whole lives have been shattered. The government is not listening yet.....
My goodness such huge.. Mammoth.. Respect farmers.
If someone seeing my comment outside from India please do support farmers because Indian media is purchased by govt even govt did so many wrong things in past but media continuously supporting them despite people don't like
Sir apmc me pahle se farmer free he all over india me sell karne k liye only trader registerd mandi me purchase kar sakta he 
This video is Manipulating. U don't know ground reality of farmers.
Noah that was a one sided view. If you lived here in India you would have known that this farmer protest was planned and executed by the opposition parties and Anti-India forces like  Khalistaanis. Please check your facts before speaking them in front of such a large audience.
Kick out Achedin Terrorist Govt....Jai Kisan
Nobody in India including the central govt explained clearly these farm laws & how good or bad it is. Which is why experts say it will all be known when implemented for 2 years. It could go either way. It was implemented in Bihar in the past with disastrous results.
I have sold matar in jaunpur Mandi adhatya deducted Mandi tax ramlela tax Mandir tax but open does not do so . Honestly discuss the reason high yeald costing narega lallantop should seriously discuss fugga na udaye. Discuss on topic how cost cutt. Why should farmer need samarthan mulya for so many long time. They should be strong. Everywhere reservation why
Those who have nothing to do with farmers or farming are whining about what would have been good for them This exact stinking section of society thinks they're smart while they're dumb like a deer infront of headlights.
This bill is great but govt also have provide markets for farmers ..they have to introduce market like Costco,Walmart .. Desi version ..
sirr  this is not good for our country   if you any new laws induce  than one section allways  protest against you whynot this laws is good for farmer
Good for the farmers. India needs democracy, a govt of the people by the people for the people, like China. Not of the 1% by the 1% for the 1% like the US!
International media is showing farmers as victims but why don't they equally condemn their unruly behaviour as well!!
Farmer's will think soon about central decision s
This is politics is a dirty game don't know what happened there so I can't say who is right and wrong I only saw video.why did these leaders killed these people from car..we don't know reason ,may be threatened so they took this step,I don't know  but one thing fo sure  these politics is a very dirty game..both congress and BJP  are not good how can they take people's life..
Why other state farmers are not protesting......? Punjab farmer looting country.... Government doing right job.....Great job.....we need agriculture reform....its not government job to give money to farmers.
City guys will never understand the sentiments of farmers. City guys are like birds. They move from pond to pond. But the farmers are like fish in the pond. Their life and world starts and ends in the pond.
Thank you farmers
One small step backwards for a giant leap forward- Modi ji & the Cabinet must have given this action a good forethought, for sure.
What are the advantages of these farm laws? There must be done that's why multiple father unions requested for this previously and also major political parties included these in their election manifesto. Now they are siding just for the sake of votes. A coin has two sides, this video shows one. Show the two sides and let the viewers be the judge.
Farmers Want their Earnings high but they doesn't want any modification and Laws...Basic Infrastructure like Cold Storage, Irrigation etc are important...By repelling these laws Farmers may lost the freedom to sell their crops at their will....Also Some Modification is needed in the laws...Wait and Watch for the next  Move.
Certain seeds like soyabean was strongly opposed by european farmers because they knew it would render the cultivable land barren after sowing it continuously 20 to 30 years because it is laboratory produced, genetically altered (GMO) plant seed induced with some meat genes, but same soyabean is sowed in india. Now big corporates are pushing same labotatories to develop tomato  which can survive in freezer for months. This can be achieved by mixing (altering) tomato seed gene with fish gene as fish survives in below zero temperatures. One more thing, ever heard of Mad Cow Disease. To increase milk yield, dairy farmers were pushed to feed cows little meat along with grass. Welcome to Dark Age
-Farmer should have rights  to sell their  products to either  apmc or direct buyer.
The point regarding the association of farmers has been made under the act where an agricultural group/society has been exempted from legal recognition under the documents that are subjected to Central Government. Whereas a trader has been subjected to have a permanent recognition under the govt. of India. 
Kian ki jeet balley balley, Rakesh tikait is a true leader of farmers. Jai ho
There are not even 1 million protestors, it's in tens of thousands, but no where close to the numbers portrayed by Left Wing Western media. Rihana and Greta Thunberg are idiots if they think they understand politics and Farming agriculture industry in India.
Let the farmers die in poverty, they have chosen this future for themselves. They don't deserve better system and reforms.
Nothing about Contract farming(bill-2), seems only positive points of Bill are shown. Practicaly many things change on ground level.
There a lot farmers who will protest if there new bill is taken down
first i mentioned  that i am not supporters of you or your party bjp .i comments  as a farmers  son from north  east..Punjabi  farmers  who are protesting  they are rich farmers..  . Because  in assam i saw that  those  who have tractors  they are rich  rich people  in our society.they are real farmers  whom govt should  help..those come out for protesting  they so rich ..no need govt help...govt ka all farmers  related  molai ate by rich farmers. I just shared  my view which i seen 100% difference Punjab  farmers  and north east farmers.i request  please  Punjab  farmers visit north east .then they understand  what the situation  of farmers. Here farmers  not even get a cup of rice no land nothing..this the reality  in same Indian  citizen.our assam farmer not even seen big city like guwahati. Because  they not able to collect 300 rupees. And you see this farmers..
If farmers can join and protest, why can't they join and form FPOs to set prices and demand value from market. The protest against laws is negative. Unionising to set prices is positive.
3. If govt issue MSP value and due to storage capacity FCI reject to purchase there produce they will be forced to sell there produce to private players.
Support farmers  
What will delhi feed on . Will they live on cow dung or on flying uncessary JUMLAS . This protest isn't of any political party it is a farmer protest .
now more than 80% farmer of punjab sold wheat and rice to govt at msp ...and govt is purchasing it for vote bank ...if msp made legal then govt is bound to purchase whole wheat irrespective to QUALITY ...and as each yr in june pre sowing season govt increase msp price to woo farmer vote..food price rise will increase..which will affect poor middle class the industrial consemer of indian economy...which drive industrial growth of the country...and  also poor will be less affected s tey are covered under food security act...plz correct me if i am wrong
2:28 is one point for farmers why they protesting.
There is both good and bad in the bill but bad has huge potential to become worse and creating monopolies in hoarding and pricing have high potential that should be adjusted privatisation isn't always the answer especially in agriculture sector
I m from India I love your show thanks for talking on farmer protest 
Fully support kisan bill.  BJP government Modi government zindabad
Thank you brthr for showing reality in front of uneducated people who are still supporting BJP OR MODI . SUPPORT FARMERS BECAUSE NO FARMERS NO FOOD 
Corporates wants Just profit... Just take an example of Ola they used to pay lucrative incentives to the drivers earlier & once the they captured the market, they are now exploiting those drivers. Similarly farmers are thinking that atleast they have same security in the name of MSP in mandis.
And when farmers are exposed to the market, won't they have more say in the cost. And since agricultural is a primary sector function, they will affect market than the markets trend affecting them right?
I don't understand how it's sunhara din if farmers position were getting at the same position as it was before farm bill
1. Did you answer if govt removes his/her hand from farmers how they they will be exploited, private players have enough infrastructure and monetary value so stocking farmer produce to large amount as there is no limitation due to essential good act, they may create artificial recession.
Atleast stand for the farmers who have died. Stop licking your boss shoes in each and every matter. Atleast stand with the truth.
salute to the spirit of farmers
Do u know only punjab farmers were opposing it ? Why, bcoz they were most benefitting from it.
Nautanki. May be planning to enter politics. For her efforts, She may get ticket from SP or Congress.
Congrats to our Farmers and respect to those that lost their lives to make this possible
4lakh farmers committed suicide so why not make a change?
I am not a farmer.  Your explanation about these three bills are extraordinary. A big Thank you for your sincere effort to understand the scenario more clearly.
shows us how  difficult  it is to do reforms in india .                           Edit :  I can't believe it . I got so much support . Thank you for this  .  We need to do reforms in many sectors like agriculture , labour etc so that our country's economy can become 5  trillion dollars economy . Again thank you 
But there is a bright side to this. With the new bills, farmers are allowed to make agreements with buyers/traders before sowing the crop. Also, limits on cold-storage have been relaxed. This is where market efficiency kicks in. Some competing trader will see that Reliance is squeezing prices lower in that area. He will enter the market, offer better prices or convince some farmers to sow a different crop. 
94 out of msp because govt support only   
I am an Indian farmer and know what I need . So keep your nose out of my @ss
In nakli kisano ki asliyaat dikhane ke liye Modiji ne yeh krishi kanoon wapas liye hain.  Hone dijiyee , aur tez Kisaan andolan. Koi fark nahi padta. To show the real face of these so called farmer's agitation, Modiji has withdrawn the extremely good agriculture laws. In one single master stroke, Modi ji has taken out the wind from the drama that the Congress/SP/TMC were playing, in the name of farmers. With these reforms our country's farming would have been modernized, market-oriented and highly efficient. This would have meant our farmers would have been prosperous just like in the West.
This farm bill is actually really good for all the farmers across India. All the opposition parties don't want to see any development in India specially for farmers or they will easily loose all their vote banks in just few years.. For those who haven't read the bill yet and spreading fake propoganda: https://blog.finology.in/recent-updates/farm-bill-2020-pros-and-cons
opening the door for agri- business. independent farmers will be subsumed. democracy is fighting for its liife ALL OVER THE WORLD
More than half of the states in country dont have APMCs/ or have already passed Bill to sell outside of APMCs anyways. 
Dhruv u r right corporates may monopolize but since agriculture is a essential sector so govt can always moniter and correct it.. also now farmers have given more powers and there will be competition and agricultural sector will diversity..so overall we will be fine..
200 farmers already died . And they know  bill better than us so keep supporting farmers .
7. Earlier as per APMC act and mandis, farmers used to get their msp payment delayed by 3 to 4 months or even more depending on the Corruption. Now they will get their payment on the day of the sale or maximum within 3 days for any unforseen delays. 
Everyone  wants  to live at ease at  present. They are struggling everyday to make the both ends meet. And Honourable Prime Minister is  lecturing them on future prosperity. Does he lack the common sense?  If he was clever, he would have tried to solve the present  unimaginable conditions of poor people. Big talks can't feed poor, but ' Sarkari Khayraat' can feed them. Mamata has won the vote just because of that. Is Honourable Prime Minister that naive  not to realize the want of Aam Janata. If so, then BJP  will be taught a severe  lesson in coming elections like West Bengal. Expressway and others can't save them . 
Increase of free markets and reduction of government intervention has been proven time and time again to work. If the farmers need a safety net to reduce exposure to exploitation then they must organize. Farmers in the west began organizing as far back as 100 years ago to fight interested parties  with money looking to take what was their's. Farmer collectives were formed to pool farmers resources to create collective banks, insurance companies against loss due to drought and other factors. This was done in the 19th century. Today, smartphone technology and user friendly apps can empower farmers to cooperate to further their goals at a pace unwitnessed in Human history. 
New farm bill is beneficial for farmers....politicians stop propogenda about it.
Secondly, there is no tax on farmer, rather buyers pay the tax
Across the country?? bro Punjab and Haryana is not the whole country. The hardships we face at these mandis. Once  when Akhilesh Yadav was CM he measured 35 kilos on the weigh scale loss nahi hoga Way too naive!
Half knowledge is dangerous and propagating it even worse. Try to understand the reason for bringing this bill. Farmers are not allowed to sell their produce freely and they were forced to sell it in mandies even though the market price is more. And to correct you and your agricultural expert there is nothing called as mandi tax it is a fee which farmers pay for using the facilities(storage etc) of mandi.
Farmers Protest | Aerial View | Harp Farmer Pictures 
More power to you Deshbhakth - how well presented this episode is! All the important moments that made it. Much power to the farmers and the forces that worked on the sites and behind /beyond them. Let it be the Moment of the much needed u turn needed for Indias destiny! Long live dissent and democracy
Dude problem is with your sources.. Pls look into the law what it says.. It might enlighten u with facts tht the law is actually in favor of farmers.. I am fan of u and requesting u to check the facts
& the farm laws repealed today....
80% farmers support this Bill
Who's here after the Farmer Victory 
It's not the farmers who were deceased during the protests but it's the *Humanity* which deceased and killed by Government in each & every way possible.
2. You appraise Maharashtra, Karnataka, AP's APMC models, but do you know these 3 states top in Farmer's suicide too. Any relevance?
Proud of my farmer brothers 
Great Documentary to showcase to our future generations. Farmers are backbone of The country. pls support them for their rights .
They had to do this BJPs graph after Punjab & Haryana in UP was declining, plus recent loss in Lok Sabha seats in HP
Suppose if an MNC buys a big area of land and starts cultivating and since they have better e platform and with the help of new bill they can sell their product all over India.. 
Government never gives MSP.. farmers should understand all conditions... If government will take all crop with MSP.. How government deal other sectors.. We are not established country.. This should understand farmers
Sir in maharashtra the price of Farm produce is slightly more than the table u displayed
Now every farmer will become billionaire
Can't trust this man. He say something and does something else. Beware my dear farmers! Jai Jawan, Jai kisan!
Omg - its about time... im not indian nor a farmer... modi has done some good things for his nation but this farmer law was ridiculous... I think india needs a new leader and direction.
Its clearly a mistake from Delhi police and indian home ministry who failed to make a call in time. Farmers had declared this event on 2nd Jan, stating the estimated participation by over a million farmers. Yet the Delhi Police, coming under federal home ministry, failed to allow the parade till 24th Jan late night. Even at that minute, they wanted farmers leaders to deviate from the original route proposed. Such a confusing and delaying attitude led to the mismanagement among farmers, giving some the opportunity to reach the Lal Quila.
1) An MBSP( Minimum Base Selling Price) for every agriculture produce, However this MBSP is different then the traditional concept of MSP, here MBSP will be the Cost( least expensive method of farming) + A Basic Markup every crop will trade above this base rate
How will it affect common consumers and the price of daily agri commodity ?
NON-AGRICULTURE DEPENDENT PEOPLE DON'T KNOW IF FARMERS GET EFFECTED WITH THESE BILLS, EACH AND EVERYONE FROM INDIA WILL BE GET EFFECTED. EVEN INDIAN LIVING IN FOREIGN COUNTRY TOO. How? Cause whole Indian eats Rice, wheat flour(product: Chapati(tortilla, wrap for subway, etc )), All-purpose flour or maida( pizza dough, any kind of bread, biscuits, etc) Oats, sugarcane(sugar), Maze OR CORN(POPCORN), Milk from cow, buffalo OR Goat (dairy product Paneer, curd, ice cream, khoya, sweets, cream, cake(cream and bread), ghee, etc ). but, you can get milk from a cow(mata), buffalo or goat. only if you feed them that grow on farms. sunflower oil or mustard oil etc and at last vegetables, spices, salad, etc these everything will be available at a higher price. farmers(Rural area people) don't need to buy these things at a higher price. CAUSE "They grow these things". But, everyone else will have to buy these things at a higher price not at a double price these will be in a triple price. REASON: Contractor will sell crop production at a higher price to companies according to their choice that they brought from farmer according to contract.
Am farmer trader exporter from Maharashtra, this is very revolutionary move, farmers have to unite and find a stable ground, more then70% of farmer holds land less then 1.5 acre,(40000 square feet).
2) Contract farming should be regulated by FCI. Stock exchanges have a clearing commission if FCI which is a Govt body can act as the same in Contract farming it can protect both farmers as well as Corporates in case one fails to honor his obligation.
It's not just about farmers law. Indian democracy is at stake
the farmers who cant even afford the transportation cost to nearby mandi....how can they afford to go and sell anywhere outside their town or state???
Look at this man, he is really good actor of India from gujrat, that's why people of india gave him pm position, but the Oscar   awards always goes to other countries actors. I'm so much affended by this yar..., This Oscar awards showing so much partiality towords indian actors,  Look at our honourable prime minister's Narendra Modi ji, he is such an good natural actor.
waise, i appreciate and support the digital campaigning for elections.. kaash pehle hi kar liya hota anya raajyon mein.... covid ka aatank kaafi kam hota...
Towards the end the graphic shows that sales in mandis have gone down by double digit percentages.If the farmer is protesting for the mandis to stay .. why is he selling outside the mandi? It can't be that he's getting a lesser price outside and still selling there?
So far 150 farmers died during protest by severe cold and still the dictator is being indifferent about it
Lol modi he knows bjp going to loss election now jumla speech
The very fact PM assured that MSP will continue and the bills are for farmers welfare is reason enough to oppose it. We have dozens of examples what happens when he promise Achche Din!
Thankuu for supporting farmers
Full support from PAKISTAN.
How to identify BBC is biased? They just got farmers side of the issue... Try talking to someone in the government who understands these reforms, only then will you understand these are much required and awaited
This is the information  revolution happening in India. When the mainstream media is becoming state media and the remaining media just criticizes everything of the government... we as commoners do not get information... and you Sir .. are a part of this revolution..... bringing objectivity in informing ..... kudos to you and may your flock grow and may we be better Informed. Thank you
crying for farmers
Only farmers from few places with good mandi system have been able to sell mandis. Dont spread wrong news that all/most farmers have been selling in mandis and every farmer is going to effect negatively by new farm laws. Show both sides of the coin before giving out verdicts on the issue and trying to sway people to your propoganda. Farmers dont deserve your misinformation.
They're not farmers they're dalal 
bill is for the farmers Farmers dont want it
5. Online GPS network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities, costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers. Here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues.
Congratulations to my Farmers brothers,
Farmers are all ways need of money immediately after cultivate crops hence they forced to sell lowest prices to the culprit traders now corporate traders.
True indians stands with farmers...Jai india jai farmers
I'm so sorry that I blindly assumed our farmers khalistani  I'm with farmers ,,,.... they are right 
taliban and north korea .....india almost to be with them in the list..
Farmers produce food grain for Indian people. Government & business can buy food grain from farmers mandi. MSP is a must. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Bill bapsi nahi to ghar bapsi nahi and MSP on 23 fassals in law. Indian from UK.
25. The new laws does not close the APMC Mandis.
bro u should discuss the farm bills and I know you will not cause it will expose your propoganda.
I think other than 3rd Act all the other act will be beneficial to the farmers
Well said. Today I saw many videos of famers protesting and I am literally crying after seeing them that they are protesting & camping in such a low temperature. When farmers Don't want these laws then why government had passed these laws and even UP CM was saying that it is all the work of opposition parties like seriously and i heard also kejriwal. He accentuated the lines CM Yogi said, farmers will not fear of losing their land. When the land is theirs only then what is the fear, who will take the land from them. 
A few handful hooligans have hostage the interest of small farmers.
Thank you for specifying the farmer bills in simple words...
This is the best informative video made by anyone on farm bill.  Great work.
Informative indeed.....but it also means India...a developing country gradually becoming a poor malnutritioned country because people won't be able to buy basic items due to high inflation,.....also why can't Farmer go to court against a big company.....why settlement of dispute by SDM which is already burdened n not accessible  by common man mostly.....big company can bribe..who will listen  poor Farmer?......Seems everyone has to feed oneself at Baba Nanak's langar
They kow these who r protesting are khalistani.. Not farmers n they kow too tat the cars were attacked first n wat happens next was self defense.. 
Although, I think the bills are not perfect and need necessary ammendments like the provisions of District court against grievances and others, but these are certainly NOT ANTI-FARMERS.
You talk about green revolution, at that time white revolution also come into exist but there is no MSP then also farmer is getting benefit. All essential commodities cost not control by government then why only on rice and wheat. If you think politically then you are not know about the farms law completely.
But apples from himachal and jammu are already transported accross india without any resistance...so what's new in this bill?
Sbse cool style se cover kiya farmers protest ko. 
Please also show the average farm size owned by farmers per state when you make state-wise income comparisons, that would inform people better to come to their own conclusions, if and how state-driven reforms have worked or not. Even better would be comparison charts with previous years to indicate if those reforms increased wealth or contrary.
I have my bachelor's degree in horticultural science. Its not anti farmers guys  its called innovation. It used to take 5 acres to feed a person. Now it's 1.7. and eventually it will go indoors amd vertically. its MATH; more fish in the same size tank
Congress priyanka gandhi ji...plz leave this place.....India is far far better under Modi ji... Why can't you see India grow....We have india for max year...we seen what u did too all Indians.... Plz leave politics and don't create this only before elections...god knows...how u guys  think
3. MSP is a short term solution for farmers but It will be so much harmful in long term to our farmers, economy, and environment.
and you also don't show justin trudeau's hypocrisy on these farm reforms as on one side he complaints against india in WTO on the MSP issue and now he is against these farms laws and wanting MSP so that he will supported by the sick population in their election,
I dont think people in india fully understand the real consequences of implementing these farm laws.On paper it will sound amazing but in reality it will contradictory to its expected result.No tax on sales and purchase is just to lure farmers into an unregulated market monopolised by corporations.It takes away incentives from farmers like MSP.
I hope someday you can do some honest reporting. Today, sadly, I don't see that happening. The sheer unpopularity of these protests is what you don't show. The absolute need for farming reform is what you don't cover. Media loves drama and they are playing this up to fill airtime in India. Your echo chambers here transmit their agenda to suit your tastes so you play it up.
Thanks man for the information. So I do believe  that wit is neither anti farmers bill nor pro
Why modi doesn't Passing act on msp why they don't giving Gurentee msp to farmers
It is bad for farmers
I am surprised, why the middle class and lower middle class people are not in the protest with the farmers, because the amendment bill is straight out crazy.
1. Punjab and & Haryana have since decades shifted to paddy cultivation which is harmful. 
The thing is many big names are deteriorating India's name by social means. They basically work as catalyst to all this protest and in the main stage it will feel that India is harassing there farmers, harassing the minors, etc. The thing that this farmer talked about minimum selling price it is already included in the new farmer bill. The point is they do not want this government to rule, in a result doing all this dumb things.
Not farmers...its the middlemen who is behind this strike...because the rich middlemen will lose his job...this law will let farmers earn a lot
You both diluted the anger of farmers ....and showed in a way that government being a neutral force .....you focused on bills explanation but loopholes were not given full focus......rather than saying ' do not take farmers view before seeing this video'...you used politucal view....good try to divert
You also said that Farmers don't know about the bill clearly. 
One thing just farmer want is to fix the price of rice and wheat..so nobody buy below this price
Ab andolan khatam hoga ja news channel ki baat sachi hogi....mujhe toh lagta hai yeh ghar nahi jienge elections tak....isliye ab inki baijaati hogi...UP mein yogi ko 300 seats milegi there fore it was master stroke from modi,he knew they would not end this andolan even after repealing of farmers laws
China, you can laugh at us today and you will be correct. No caa, no nrc, no land reform, kashmir back to where it was, no farm reforms. Sporadic lollipop reforms raga can also do. Whats the point of so many seats and modi, shah? Very disappointed today
I support Kisan morcha
First that girl who have been raped in uttar pradesh.  How these coward police defend the culprit and now farmers... Tomorrow it will be you. Wait for your time.......
Farmers still have the option to sell their produce to anyone
These laws are in force in Punjab since 2013 and in Haryana since 2006
Stop giving land of poor farmers in hand of corporates .
Even in latest budget govt said there will be 1000 more mandis to be build and msp prices will be increase as it was before.
In the non- perishable and perishable goods there is a 50%, 100% limit in increasing.Did they mention the base level price of these commodities. I am confused because the market is fluctuating and there is no exact price on any product.
I am so grateful that this channel exist..  Hope blind chamchas of Congress, and over enthusiastic supporters of BJP realise this
Well said  he deserves to get chance to debate with modi  m sure modi will have nothing to argue against him.
Good job ... NDA Government..... Arrest all so called farmers and farmers leaders sorry terrorists..... .. good job  nitish and modi government in Bihar... Please decrease rate of petrol and cylinder gas that very tough to live for common man...
Absolutely correct. I support  farmers
After a major role of agriculture in India's GDP it's time to make it minor like other fields by imposing this farm laws
Chacha ytne din kaha the...election aane wala h na chacha(Punjab, U.P, utrakhand.........)
We stand for farmers as Nagas
sad for the farmers
The issue is the modi govt which is racist. Modi has badly tarnished India unfortunately. He actually belongs to group that is pro hittler. So what can u expect.
Prohibition of burning stubble from crop is a clause in this new farm bill to prevent pollution. Well, what Greta wants to suggest by supporting farmers?
We are with the farmers
World Bank has given directions to Indian gov to evacuate farmers from villages and migrate them to cities.
Anyway, the fact which is absolutely  wrong here is that every farmer do not get to sell their crops on MSP. My father is a farmer and I knew it even when I was a kid. 
Rakesh Tikayet ne indian small farmers ko andhakar me dhakel diya.  History will never forgive him & his agents.
Another disadvantage of contract farming is that a company might ask for specific quality of crop which farmers cant ensure as crops grow under open skies unlike potato chips in factories. So if theres excess rain or presence of weed in crops that will increase the price of harvest; therefore, harming the already poor farmer.
Double standards of India or I should rather say BJP got exposed!
Mondi ( farmer  mediator s) s Protest... not farmers .......
In 45 days with cool weather  87 farmers are die at Delhi but government of India do not care about it . Everyday our farmers are dying indiana corrupt media not cover that . #istandwithfarmersprotest
The protests is from the a very low Percentage of the farmers in the country. And from a specific state. But because of such a huge numbers in farming, that small percentage looks like a big number.
Rakesh Takait is a Haryana police inaction creation, he was a very ordinary thug, Haryana Police inaction made him a fake political farmer leader. 
Heartedly,  govt has neither focused  on farmer nor try to push. 
Am a farmer madam , very useful info . THANK YOU
This law are very profitable for farmer but kuch logg hote hai naa beech ka khane wale unko ye law hazam nhi hai issliye chaka jamm karke bethe hai
Government  must listen to farmers. From normal citizen to prime minister everybody is alive due to grains that farmers produce.farmers are real heroes of our nation.
As you talked about about the control phase of corporatization, that regulations have to be mandated for selling agricultural produce, can't we access the process which Starbucks does with coffee beans farmers?
There is a unfair bargaining power between the farmer and private companies clearly. Farmer rights are limited and wheres their legal protection? Is there a independent regulator thatll protect farmers immediately? Best price for the farmer will be a low price and the private companies will sell the produce at triple price. The middle classes will be effected too! The food prices will increase considerably!
Silence is the best way to achieve antly success.  Plz farmers don't do this . This is wrong .
Farmers 1
Look at the sold republic reporter...what a shame on this fourth pillar of democracy...had they been shoeing the pain and problems of common man,of farmers then what was the need for these young and old men marching towards Delhi in such drastic weather conditions.
Farmers should declare that government have to officially take back all 3laws in pen and paper before conditioning UP election.
It added another thing saying that if you get tie up with companies they will invest and you can register with them at a fair price which is more than MSP or can't be less than MSP. 
Good news, God bless MP modi   happy for the farmers
These bills are reviewed and approved by IAS officers only. And if they cannot discuss and safeguard violations towards other majority of Indians(farmers & consumers), then Indians are not with Indians. It's just like every man/woman for himself. No unity.
Proud of you... Oh that unity among farmers is absolutely great...
What a beautiful piece of work, I am in tears but also happy to see human spirit prevail and farmers push through adversity. Thanks 
amazing video guys, i think the farmers problem can be solved by inspiration from share market. can you make a video dedicated on farmers economic issues. thank you
Amazing guyz proud that you made this channel i am with my dad brother farmer's, though I don't have father but these all farmers are my dad and protesting to protect my punjab , my food for my future. I love you and sending you my strength . THANK YOU FOR VIDEO FOR THE REAL ONE.  Love and strength . 
By the way ,I am all a Indian sugarcane farmer
Zee news india's best news channele
Means farmer ko 30% fayda 70% nuksaan isiliye protest ho rha h
700 farmers died because of government rigid laws & practices just shame on government
Public is not going to support kisaan aandolan, they voted BJP in uttar Pradesh,
There are two sides to this conflict. The farmers are being oppressed as always, but you have to look at it closely to identify the oppressors. Not all APMCs are facing farmer protests.
Or she will just buy from you who have 5 acer of land and produce 1000 kg . It will be easy for buyer to buy from you not from us small farmer ,
Thanks bbc for making documentary for farmers ..in same    time most of Indian media became Godi media
Why the Indian police force use water cannon and tear gas on peaceful protests? The farmers dont have weapons...This is so brutal...
Every political leaders are claiming that it is the win of the farmers and expecting that their Party shall be the maximum beneficiary of this agitation. Now let us see the results in the forthcoming elections. Best of luck to everyone.
only 6% farmers in india enjoy MSP.
Congratulation to bjp for their political stunt for 2023 elections....agar aise unprofessional nd Play off against laws desh me layoge to aise hi protest honge aur aise hi results bhi ayenge.
Farmers should go for oraganics and polycrops . This is the only way. Ditch the hybrid seeds of imperialists. Use original  seeds.
Actually common people must be protesting against the bill instead of farmers 
The way vehicle was driven in that video clearly shows that it was a deliberate attempt to mow down those helpless farmers..!! RIP Democracy..!
I have a point to add the claim from the farmer that he had sold his crops say for 4 dollars per kg its less than his father's but it fails to acknowledge the fact that the overall produce of the farmer per acre land has also increase. people dont account for that.
U have to research more about the three farm bills, kindly don't make conclusions with partial knowledge
3). govt says we are not shutting down APMC mandi. people can go there and sell it. 
Congress hi theek thi...bhagwan bachaey modi sarkar se
Very well explained. If few farmers are educated enough to understand that this bill is good for them.
Sir when opposition does not show up you say they are absent but when they do you call it tourism. And you don't show the mowing down of farmers. Does it not show you are biased. ?
Its not an Indian farmer's protest.  This is a protest of punjabi,  half haryana and a very little amount of UP. Only 3 state r opposing these laws and rest of india is supporting this law. 
My dear brother, Mr. Trevor Noah, the farmer protest now is no longer a "farmer" protest. It has been changed to a political event for succession to the government. Now, the leaders of the political parties have their butts in to either favour or disgrace the so called protest. The law is not for making the farmer's income come to the mercy of big corporates, but for ensuring higher rates of income to the farmers. India is a country that will never hurt farmers. We love them.
Mr Rahul Gandhi may be some immachurity in  Politics but he is a non corrupted man. India Wants Congress Back.....
Plz   help  farmers  win  n  help  urself......... boycott  these  thieves
Good work by farmer
Or full form slide main wrong aya hain next time editing thik karna support price likha hain or sound selling price araha hain
How this system compares with other countries like USA where Futures/Commodities market sets the price?
2. Farmers retaliated by killing the BJP workers got there only hope of justice.
Just see bihar agriculture sector growth of around 13% in recent time after similar reforms, where as  punjab once called rice bowl of India with highest per capita income in 2000 has decreased to 3rd or 4th highest cultivation and 13th highest GDP per capita . Reforms of green revolution has done it's course and we now need private capital in agriculture for It's betterment. Also to remember the ground water depletion that will going to impact  states which cultivate high irrigation required crops.
We love and respect our chacha.. such a shape out to BJP.. Farmers ko nicha dekega uska halath yesehi hoga
My dear friends of farmers, keep going all the way brithers.god is on your side.
Jus hv a curiousity that then y farmers are on such a severe protest?? We all kno hw gud our union govt is during executions of such reforms. The only way to help farmers is by complete abolotion of middlemen and setting a price decided by farmers unions
I wish what Kangana, Sadhguru, Anupam Kher, Ramdev, and rest of the Arnab Team is going to react on this... 'ModiJi Bhi Khalistani Nikle" 
Farmers have full rights to protest but always encourage them keep peaceful and patience at all times. The world is watching you closely through many channels. I remember the word( Mera Bharat Mahaan hai,Ek Bhimisal DESH Hai)
They say the law is to support and help the farmers. But we farmers do not want this law to be enforced. So for whom  Modi government working and trying to enforce the law... ??? Hope the hardest heart (Modi, Amith sha) will melt... 
Victory of Rihana, Greta tumberg, mia Khalifa () and Canada innocent farmers 
Please don't mention indian farmers not whole of India is protesting. The protest is only by punjab state and haryana. 
From where we common Indians can see, both Govt and farmers, they both are showing high handedness. There just doesn't seem to be a miniscule of sensibility shown from either side
These farmers represent a small % of India's overall farming community. It's a political gimmick by opposition parties, who care less for farmers.
This is the victory of our nation as a democracy. Kudos to everyone who supported this revolution both on ground and online.
Just FYI, all political parties in India had mentioned these exact laws on their agendas if they were elected. Farmers of largely 3 states are protesting because these states have wealthier farmers. Most of Indian farmers are very poor and the supply chain system is an utter failure here. That's why govt is trying to reform it. Now, I don't like every thing that Modi govt does, but I can't believe how misinformation has led to such strikes, and things have been blown so out of proportion. Wealthy middle men and a lot of vested interests are involved in these protests, who have managed to somehow scare the crap out of these farmers about things that aren't even in the law. But never mind. Who cares.
Bhagat singh is reflecting in each and every farmer, as you see their Josh and commitment
and more concern is they don't talk about loans most of farmers take loan to buy things like Tractor seeds pesticides if govt wont took part in this how they are going to get subsides what if crop fails
The so called farmers are still not satisfied!!! Now they want a bill on MSP too!!!!
I think you have misunderstood that farmers protest is because they were not explained clearly. Let me tell you from the close conversations with pro Khalistanis. It's not about farmers but it's about craving for blood from the disguised NGO donations from ISI,PTI and Khalistan Sikhs. Just doesn't matter how much you explain they will give religious political commi angle to even trimming your hair.
When a person start moving towards the direction of welfare of his country, his pace can be slow down due to some hurdles but his motto never changed... reforms will definitely comes in one  form or in other..but for sure...wait and trust as we always  do. Keep faith on modiji  
So this is all about farmers not wanting the government subsidies to disappear and the privatization of land? Unless there is a need for these crops to justify the subsidies, perhaps not so many Indians should be in farming at this point.
My condolences to those 700+ farmers who lost thr life while protesting.
India is not only North India and Punjab. Why didn't you ever film when the farmer in Andhra Pradesh, Telegana, Karnataka, Maharashtra and MP were committing suicides. How many people have you interviewed and how many videos have you made on that.  With 5 tributaries of Indus River they have fertile land and water all year round and grow grains and veggies, whereas thats not the case down South and Central India
Normally i like your videos. But in the current context you spent more time and illogical arguments negating the bill. Basically you are saying that in a monopolistic market there will be price discovery but it will be difficult in open market!!
Just saw Republic tv reporter trying to change the narrative by shouting "the police is pleading(joining hands) to the farmers"
Even after giving so much subsidy in quality seeds, feriilizers, power and water for farmers. and most important they are not taxed. They are using all the tax payers money.
Augur well for farmers 
Seriously feel sorry for our farmers. These police staffs are so ignorant, food you eat comes from these farmers. At least listen to them. Shame on modi govt and midi media..
You have absolutely no idea about the intricacies of the protest,who are involved in them and what they want. Even after being called for discussion the only thing the protesters are demanding is completely repealing the laws, without citing reasons,even when the laws fundamentally provides all the benefits previously available to farmers and a scope to sell their produce outside 'mandis'
Its funny and sad at the same time that during modis  reelection he aligned himself with Indian nationalist and turned a blind eye willfully - to the murder and persecution of the Muslim minority in India and now look at him sponsoring a bill that is now law that hurts farmers  and the majority. Moldy and Netanyahu needs to go
 thanku lallan top for supporting farmers protest
Many farmers died after they were run-over by the tractors.
What about the farmers who died while protesting?
Afraid to alienate sikh farmers in upcoming UP and Punjab election.Modi cares more about his brand than any policy
The best video I have come across regarding Farm bills. No propaganda just content and facts.    I am an engineer . I am not even preparing for IAS but love watching informational videos .You got a new student today sir .
First problem to solve to reduce farmer suicides is to eradicate loansharks
MSP is actually out from farm bills. A wise farmer can actually make a lot of money with new farm bills.
They are not farmers
This reform was badly needed, now the middlemen will rule the farmers forever, mandi system continues.
Not surprised by vox why they come up such scripts, the three new farm bills were very much needed this hour and farmers have been heard for the first time. Ignoring the bill will only cause big merchants from Punjab and Haryana to exploit the farmers. In India contract farming is a new revolution where we can get utmost benefit with its results, unlike other protest even this protest is funded by khalistanis,left opposition parties etc.
Jst whn i was wondering what is this farm bill you uploaded this.
I hv 1 Question : Any SIKH died under Terrorist attack or on border are DESH BHAKT where as SIKH farmers killed by Minister's SUV are KHALISTANI !!!!  Wah Double standard of Gujju management!! LOOT INDIA GUJ MODEL
The market place mandis charge cess differently in each state. Punjab charge cess of 8.5%  ( which is equal to 8500 crore rupees per year).  Haryana charge cess of 4.5% . Rest of the india the maximum cess is 2% . Where as in kerala and Bihar states there are no mandis and no cess.
It is a very good thing, God bless you and farmers should get their due, I also like Sikh community very much.
This video content is only suitable for other states not for PUNJAB nd HARYANA. Far away from ground reality. Condition of Bihar farmers is perfect example of benefits of this ill thinking.
Supporting Modi Government on this!
India is a country of dramas and dramey bazz. Modi's advisers have strategised how to wrest farmland from the farmers.
Hmmm...famers are angry? Or is it the middleman who is angry? How many real farmers are in the protest? How many states do they represent? Time for some introspection Duggalji...agar ahise hi chalta raha to dukaan jaldi baand ho jayegi aapki
Please make more videos on farm bills So people who are naive and think this doesn't concern them know that it affects anyone who eats food.
My father in law is a farmer in karnataka. He sells wherever price is good. Apmc never pays msp because the wholesale buyers never pay the price.  Cartel is really true. We never got what money and effort we put in. Apmc also pays after 60 days.  If my father in law sells directly then he gets money in 15 days. Sometimes he gets in 3 days... getting money upfront saves his expense.  No one is protesting in karnataka as we already have system to sell outside apmc and in another district.
His childhood is being spoiled by toxic fake farmers...
This protest is very important to save little left democracy of India. Sometimes you need this kind of protests to awake the people and to make deaf hear. BJP started to think that they can make any law any time as nobody is gonna oppose them. 
I can understand India's government wanting to modernize it's agriculture sector. An average of one person managing only 3 acres of land is crazy inefficient by modern standards. It also ties up a great deal of the Nations work force in just Agriculture. I understand why they would be upset. They have all lived this way for a long time and change creates uncertainty for a lot of those Farmers future and asks a lot of them. But it seems that if standard of living is going to improve in India. Something will need to change.
Corporates work for profits. But profits does not always mean exploitation. ITC started e choupal for lowering their procurement costs. But it benefited farmers as well. In the present world, a better relationship is better for business in the long term. ITC is doing that.
"Not a single action was taken against the big corporate retail chains found selling pulses at higher rates, while importers and traders working on wholesale prices  that remained lower than retail prices all through 2015  faced the brunt. Chains like Big Bazaar, Reliance Fresh did not face any music at all while the importers and miller were hounded, said Navin Bhai, former secretary of Grain Rice and Wholesale Merchants Association (Mumbai).
-  Only Punjab farmers are against this(all other i.e. 94% want this), they make up 6 % of farmers of India and 90% of farmers who are subsidized 
Thank you Mr Amit your video was very informative. you very well explain all the details about various acts.. I will be highly obliged to you if you can answer a query of mine.. in the first 8 you said that there be a legal bond of trade between the farmer and the and the price set .. so is there any standardized grading protocol for the commodities ?
6. There is also old rule like only a farmer can buy land ... thus people like Sharad Pawar & Lalu Prasad can keep buying land but people who have settled in cities cannot return to their roots, buy land farm. Because of this rule if you leave village and come to city and one generation passes then they cannot buy farm land in village.
support the farmers by bringing these laws. the previous laws is a direct reasons why 30 farmers suicide every day . I hope the police and government take strict action against the thugs endangering the peace by protesting.. we need privatization . enough of corrupt mandi system..
        ?     (Mandi traders mostly those in Punjab & Haryana and brokers)     ,              ?
IN JAPAN THEY TAKE THE NAME OF THE FARMER BEFORE EATING THE MEAL ND THANK THE FARMER FOR THE SAME 
I stand with Indian Farmers. Right is right 
I come from an India where comedians talk reality and politicians do comedy.
And when govt. Take these laws back farmers of india having a heavy loss and now they get 3 thousand Indian rupee per quintal  
I also feel very bad about my democratic system n unaware farmers..who did their own loss...
All you need to know is that agriculture accounts for a mere 17% of India's GDP while swallowing up 65% of its labor force. That's how bad things are and how desperately they need to change. These farmers are terrified of change and using every means to appeal to our sympathies in their struggle. Sorry, but sometimes, the best remedy for a problem is radical change.
"The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.JFK
Yes as aways BJP paid carryon madam no one intrested in ur fake support.
Thank you for a very well explained video, although not everything is wrong in the farm bill, but I see the loopholes, but that is prevalent in any kind of process. Cant government and farmers come to the middle way where farmers' interests are also be maintained, and the bill can also be passed?
Human  rights for Indian Farmers !